Title : Wake in Winter
Author: Belenkaya, Nadezhda




 [image file=image_rsrc31N.jpg]  [image file=image_rsrc31P.jpg] This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organizations, places, events, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.Text copyright © 2014 Nadezhda BelenkayaTranslation copyright © 2016 Andrea GregovichAll rights reserved.No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express written permission of the publisher.Previously published as Рыбы молчат по-испански (Rybi molchat po-ispanski) by VREMYA, Moscow, in Russia in 2014. Translated from Russian by Andrea Gregovich. First published in English by AmazonCrossing in 2016.Published by AmazonCrossing, Seattlewww.apub.comAmazon, the Amazon logo, and AmazonCrossing are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc., or its affiliates.ISBN-13: 9781503939332ISBN-10: 1503939332Cover design by Rex BonomelliLove and gratitude to Layla Kostyukovich for the idea,Yulia Dobrovolskaya for support and understanding,Boris Pasternak for his works,Galina Hondkarian for her assistance,Ljuba Summ for her friendship,and my husband, mother, and children for their patience.CONTENTSThese events actually . . .ABOUT THE AUTHORABOUT THE TRANSLATORThese events actually happened.As Ksenia’s SUV left Moscow in the early hours of morning, it was surrounded by such pitch dark that Nina felt scared, like they had plunged into a subterranean tunnel.Her pupils ached from the darkness, the way her teeth hurt when something was too sour.And there was no hope of seeing a light at the end of the tunnel—not a single flash, nor that strip of light in the sky that promised morning.Only the SUV’s headlights were illuminating the road.David Lynch, Lost Highway, Nina thought.The Spanish couple in the backseat had lapsed into silence, but Nina had the feeling they weren’t asleep.Maybe they were thinking about David Lynch as well.Or about a light at the end of the tunnel.Rosa reached out and gently touched Nina’s shoulder.“Excuse me,” she said. “Can we get Ksenia to clarify how much farther it is to Rogozhin?”Nina gave a start—the sudden voice was loud.She translated the question.“Two hundred kilometers,” Ksenia said distantly, never taking her eyes off the patch of light out in front that was shaped like a yellow butterfly.Not a good idea to distract her, Nina thought. It’s such a dangerous road.“Last winter,” Ksenia suddenly said, as if she was hearing her own thoughts, “I was going back to Moscow in the evening. With some Italians. I looked out in front of the car. There was something big, black, and scary in the road. Some moron was stopped in the road and forgot to turn on his parking lights. I could barely make it out.”“That’s horrible,” Nina murmured sympathetically, vividly imagining this black mass on the verge of causing a crash with the silver SUV.Outside it was getting lighter, as if a black-and-white photograph was slowly manifesting in a tray of solution. The vague shapes beyond the window took on more contrast. The gloom separated from the light, the sky from the earth. Her pupils ached from looking at the billowing swaths of light, and the glaring yellow butterfly wasn’t racing out in front of them anymore. A pine tree ran past. A cluster of young birches almost leaped out onto the road, maybe to see who it was passing by with Moscow numbers on their plate? A dark house flashed past, so suddenly that Nina jumped and turned around, following its eyes.Snowy fields stretched out along the route on both sides.“So, what do you do?” asked Ksenia. She was perking up—it would seem that the power of the night road was weakening.“I teach at the university. In the philology department. I’m a graduate student,” answered Nina, struggling to take her eyes off the landscape floating by outside the window.“And how did you find me?”“An acquaintance called me. She said you’d been looking for a translator for two days. She was going to do it, but she couldn’t.”“What’s your acquaintance’s name?”“Yulia.”“I don’t remember that.”“Maybe it was somebody else who asked her to do it for them.”“What about your classes?”“What about them? Oh right—we’re on vacation right now.”“Vacations. I’d forgotten all about those. Did Yulia say anything else?”“Nothing. She just said they were adopting a child and needed a translator. Have you been working with Spanish people for a long time?”“I’ve been doing this work for eight years. First it was with Americans, now it’s with Spanish couples. I’ve changed translators four times. Tell them, by the way, that the department will not be able to receive them today. They moved it to tomorrow.”Nina translated. Sounds of restless stirring could be heard in the back.“They asked if they’ll be allowed to see their daughter today.”“No, of course not. They won’t let them in without the proper directive. We’ll spend the night at the hotel, then first thing in the morning we’ll go to the department, and then to the children’s home.”The desolate path began coming to life. Rattling trucks rushed past up ahead, scattering snow dust. Ksenia pressed on the gas and passed the slow and sleepy morning drivers, mostly sedans, but a few SUVs, too, and a long, slick town car so dirty it was impossible to identify its color. The buildings along the road became sturdier, wooden cottages giving way to stone apartment buildings. An unexpected set of rails snaked out from around a corner, and suddenly they were crossing paths with a tram. A wrought-iron fence ran along beside them, beyond which stretched the white of a snow-covered park dotted with frosty-looking ravens.Foggy daybreak. People rushing to work.This was how Nina first saw Rogozhin. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Tell me which places lie along your routes, and I will tell you who you are.What if, by connecting all of these points on a map, we discover something special about ourselves? What if we see the silhouette of fate, the secret sign that marks each of us? One person will have a pentagram, another a triangle, a third will have a square in which that person lives an entire life like a squirrel in a cage with equal sides. But most likely it will be a flower, one that’s got some kind of run-down metro station in its core near where the person lives, and the petals are the areas of venturing out into the rest of the world.One person will have a bellflower, another a daisy, a third will have a carnation or thistle.Nina’s silhouette was a trapezoid, positioned between four points on the map of Moscow. From time to time new routes of course sprang up, but this didn’t happen very often, and for that reason it would be indicated on her personal map by a faint dotted line.Driving off early in the morning on a snowy road for a destination two hundred kilometers away—nothing like this had ever happened in her life, and Nina approached such unfamiliar places with curiosity. The suburbs were behind them, and they were in the city center. They crossed a bridge, under which ran the whiteness of a frozen river. They passed the town’s main street, another Lenin Street—the majority of Russian cities never found the time to rename them—then turned down one of the side streets, and once again drove back out toward the river. They were in no hurry, and as they rode around town Ksenia pondered how they ought to spend the day.“Well then,” she said, braking next to a pizzeria. “You might as well start with breakfast. We have reservations at the hotel, but we don’t need to sit in our rooms the whole day. We have time to kill, plenty of it. They will have questions—be honest with them, say we don’t know anything. All right, let’s go.”She motioned to Nina and the couple to get out of the car.The SUV rumbled as it rolled over the dark bumps of packed snow and drove off to the highway. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] There comes a point—after resting from a three-hour drive under an overcast sky, after the snow jammed in the tread of your shoe melts and makes a puddle, after a piece of pizza and a cup of coffee are set in front of you—when you’re looking through a floor-to-ceiling window that’s covered with beads of water from the dripping snowmelt, when the whole world compresses and refocuses into a little provincial café full of tables. It becomes a typical inexpensive eatery full of folks, everything making a quiet buzz like a hive of wintering bees. In a pizzeria like this, everyone has a place—representatives from small and medium-sized businesses; groundskeepers, street vendors, students, network marketing managers; a burly, red-faced village man with enormous hands; an older woman with a lapdog that sticks its old crone’s head out of the bag before the woman tamps it back, pressing down on it with her hand, like yeasty dough risen in a pan.There were sunglasses on the nose of the lady with the lapdog, even though the sun was nowhere in sight.The pizzeria in Rogozhin’s city center was a world unto itself.Universum. Ecumene. Orbis terrarum. El mundo.First and foremost, of course it was el mundo for Nina, with the Spanish couple sitting across from her.Suppose the square window was not the world, but instead something beyond its limits. An aquarium to lure in customers. Fresh snow instead of water. Trees instead of algae—white, like they were dipped in sour cream. Pedestrians and cars instead of fish.Nina watched the villagers discreetly. They were in Rogozhin on whatever business they had there. It was, after all, a major city, the main one in the region. They all had glasses filled with something transparent in front of them, and if she looked closely, the reflection in each of their glasses was the exact same pizzeria: Nina, Spanish couple, window.Everything in there seemed strange, a little unreal. Even the couple struck Nina as unusual. For some reason Rosa came to Rogozhin in a skirt instead of jeans like a normal traveler, and with lipstick on. In Nina’s mind, Europeans hardly ever wore makeup, especially when traveling, just the occasional lip gloss and that’s it. But Rosa’s two little boats had dark-cherry bumpers. Her teeth flashed behind them when she talked. Very white. Her mouth was moving now, Nina realized. Spanish words describing her life in Spain poured out of her.Nina was blowing on her coffee to cool it.The creamy white foam fled the compressed straw of her mouth on the other side of the cup, exposing the coffee’s surface, black as the sea in winter.She blew a little more, and coffee leaped out onto the saucer.A stain crept out from under the cup and spread onto the napkin.The morning light reflected in the glass of the street aquarium nearby.“We work at a school.” Rosa took a bite of pizza and washed it down with her coffee. “I teach mathematics, and José teaches chemistry. It’s mainly children of immigrants. Arabs, Moroccans, but also Lithuanians and Ukrainians. The parents seem to think it’s easier to settle in Basque Country than in Barcelona. The majority of them can’t be bothered with math, of course.”Nina looked at Rosa, whose mouth and eyes were beautiful. Even her nose was beautiful. The nose is the strangest part of the human face, Nina thought. It’s not at all sensual, in fact it’s downright comical, ridiculous even. But Rosa had a proud nose, thin, like a purebred Arabian racehorse. The tip of it was moving up and down when she spoke, and it was mesmerizing, as if Nina was in the presence of a sentient being in its own right, not just somebody’s nose.Rosa’s spouse was also quite the odd duck—a little too attentive and unsmiling for a foreigner. He was wearing a gray argyle sweater and a checkered shirt. He was silent, boring into Nina with his eyes. He had never laid eyes on a Russian woman close up, of course. Not counting consulate employees and auxiliary staff. Nina was the first.“We don’t live in Pamplona itself,” Rosa continued. “We’re in a nearby village. Here, take a look . . .”She rummaged around in her patent leather purse, which Nina thought was too coquettish for a European teacher. She pulled out some photos and laid them out for Nina.“Here’s our little town, three thousand people. Well, to you it’s probably a village. Five of our residents died in the attacks—I knew one of them, she was a fishwife. It was a nightmare. José, get me another piece of pizza, cariño. But you know what? There’s plenty of support for the ETA in all the polls! José and I are against them, and imagine this—we’re too embarrassed to tell anyone. And you know why? Because ETA is our national symbol. The Catalans have Sagrada Familia. In Andalusia it’s flamenco. And Basque Country? We have the ETA. No, I don’t need anything else—I don’t eat very much in the morning.”“You’re right,” Nina nodded. She, too, associated the ETA with Basque Country. And Basque Country with the ETA.“We already have a Russian child,” Rosa continued. “Our daughter Elenita. She’s from Novgorod. She’s upset we came to Russia without her. We promised to take her with us so she could meet her new sister. But her passport expires in March, and she couldn’t come back with it expired. I’ve never heard such nonsense! Well, it’s not important,” she added. “We’ll come to Russia on a vacation in the summer. We’ll spend some time in Rogozhin, and in Novgorod. We’ll walk on ancient streets, go to museums, go to Russian restaurants, let the girls try blini and borscht. What will I do with as little sun as you get here! I’ll have to buy myself a scarf with fringe. We’ll take pictures of the monasteries, and the churches with the onion domes—”“Cupolas,” Nina corrected her reflexively.“What?” Rosa asked.“The golden domes on the churches are called cupolas.”“Ah.” She nodded.“Listen,” Nina said suddenly. “If you ever need a translator, or just someone to help, call me. I’ll give you my phone number.”“Thank you,” Rosa said, and the Spanish couple smiled at Nina.“I’m serious,” Nina added. “It wouldn’t be for money, do you understand? Free, as a friend.”Friend is more of a European word. In Russia they’re acquaintances, pals, colleagues. In Spanish all of them are amigos, friends. Nina didn’t want to use this complicated word again, but she did want to emphasize that she was being genuine, that she sympathized with them.“I won’t take any money for my help,” she added hastily just in case, so they understood her clearly.She wasn’t sure if Ksenia cared for such talk, and generally speaking there wasn’t enough time in the day to get cozy with strangers and offer them services. But Nina was so touched by the story of the Russian orphans and golden cupolas, she couldn’t resist.“Thank you, Nina.” They were touched.The pizza was eaten, the coffee drunk. But there was still a whole day to fill. The phone rang. It was Ksenia, she was already there. Nina hadn’t noticed the silver SUV pulling up to the curb.They put on their coats and went outside. And then Nina’s imaginary aquarium tipped over and flooded them with its damp cold and street noise. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The city center hotel where Ksenia took them for the night was a grubby building with its façade facing the train station.After eating dinner with the couple in the hotel’s buffet, Nina got her key at reception and went up to a small room smelling of cigarette smoke. A narrow bed, desk, and television. The pipes were damp and covered with rust stains, water was gurgling in the toilet like one of those little fountains for the home sold in flower shops, and something was whistling hoarsely in the tank. Streetlights glowed dimly outside beneath the windows. The street had a cozy look about it. There seemed to be bonfires burning somewhere, and these unseen fires spread a soft orange glow into the sky. Stove smoke rose up over the country houses and merged with the sky, which made it look like the sky was propped up on pillars. Nina opened the window, and the night air burst in. She could hear noises from the city carried on the air—the ringing of drips falling from roofs, the rustle of snow. The bark of a dog drifted in from somewhere, which from a distance sounded almost gentle. Nina sat up on the bed with her back pressed against the pillow, which was as firm as a brick, and listened.The day was long and boring. But it was over. Its final hours crept slowly through the hotel room like a big clammy slug, the kind that appears on city sidewalks after a summer rain.What was so special about this day that it stirred in Nina such a vague anxiety?It was only much later that she realized what it was. Looking back on it, she pictured it as a small glass globe with houses and snow inside of it. The snow was motionless, covering the toy town like a delicate anthill, but if you picked up the globe, the agitated snowflakes flew up and swirled around like crazy! Hidden inside the globe was Nina’s entire future. Thousands of kilometers, a tightly coiled wheel of serpentine roads. Millions of unfamiliar words for her to pronounce. People and events languished beneath the thickness of the glass like sleeping fish trapped in ice.And somewhere in the very heart of that globe, a tiny hieroglyph warned of death.Nina didn’t realize that evening that the fitting end to this winter day was the point of no return.She wasn’t thinking about any of this now, of course—not the glass globe and not the hieroglyph.She just lay there frozen still, worrying, leaning back on the firm hotel pillow.To stifle her worries and distract herself, she put on her glasses and emptied her backpack. A kettle, a cup, cookies rustling in their package. Towel, toothbrush. And there was the glossy magazine Ksenia had bought to read during the day. Usually Nina never read magazines like this, even if she was bored. In bed at night, on the metro, at the university during breaks between classes—she was always prepared with serious, necessary reading for any occasion. Her big backpack was mostly full of books, and her small handbag had some research material Nina had hastily grabbed from her department at the university. But there had been an article about Salvador Dalí in Ksenia’s magazine, which she only just now remembered.There were pictures of two famous paintings on opposite pages: Dream Caused by the Flight of a Bee Around a Pomegranate a Second Before Awakening and Premonition of Civil War. Nina knew this all by heart. She ran her eyes over the text. His wife, Gala, spoke that unforgettable sentence: “My little boy, we shall never leave each other.” In their home life they were almost the perfect couple, as so often is the case with people who are very different. A Parisian who took pleasure in bohemian pursuits, Gala became the caretaker, secretary, and manager of the artistic genius, and then the trustee of a vast empire called, simply, Dalí. Gala squandered money right and left and had lots of fun . . .The rest of the article went on along those lines. Any article about Dalí seemed superficial, almost like something from a tabloid. His diaries were the subject of Nina’s unfinished dissertation, and she could talk about him in far more detail than any writer in a glossy magazine. For several years, she had been accumulating so much material that the themes ran together; it was such a vast subject, and yet at the same time, she aimed to keep the individual episodes as separate topics. Nina had difficulty making sense of how each individual part could be made to fit into a cumbersome structure based on someone else’s rules, and little by little—and she kept this a secret from everyone—she had grown tired of the whole thing.Normal people write their dissertations quickly. That was her mother being inspirational. You’re stuck, and it’s stretching on for years.For years . . . Maybe this was the case with Nina. After all, she was almost thirty.She sighed and turned the page. Familiar black-and-white photographs. It was a classic Dalí image, his eyes bulging. The next photo was from earlier—in Cadaqués, by the sea, a shy young man is stretched out in a lounge chair on the beach. A young man with weathered hands and a thin profile. The wicker chair’s feet press lightly into the moist sand, and the sea is reaching out to him, trying to lap against his boots. There was one other famous picture: the beach, a naked Dalí hugging Gala, his face dreamy and distant, as though he didn’t realize they were being photographed. There was hair peeking out from his armpits. It’s interesting, thought Nina. All of these photographs are black and white! As though Dalí was black and white for the first half of his life, along with his floating clocks, elephants in the clouds, and ants climbing out of a baton of bread. And also on the beach at Empordà, with a strip of rocky coastline and a haze on the horizon. The heavenly firmament is a deep blue, like oil paint in a bucket. A cloud boomerang appears in the dark over the sea.As she set the magazine aside and closed her eyes, Nina thought about dissertations, Dalí, Empordà, the winter night flowing in through the window, the smell of salt, and the rocks in the Mediterranean.Snow swirled inside the glass globe.The dreary howl of a commuter train carried from the station.Nina fell asleep. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Suddenly there was a knock on the door, and someone turned the handle cautiously.Ksenia’s glasses appeared from behind the door.“Hey, you’re not asleep?” Ksenia whispered. “You don’t care if I just walk right in? You have to lock the door with the key. What if some drunk comes in here and gets in your bed? Or makes off with your money?”“I didn’t know it had to be locked with a key. It’s been a long time since I stayed in a hotel.”Ksenia took off her sneakers, which were as light and stealthy as wolf paws, and plopped down on Nina’s bed, right on the blanket. She had just come in from outside—she’d only unwound the scarf from her neck and hadn’t yet taken off her jacket.It was snowing outside the hotel window, and drops of water were sparkling on her glasses. The snow fell in a misty white shower. When the light was off, it looked like hairy shadows through the drawn curtains, floating on the folds, drifting down slowly.“I am so damned sick of all this,” Ksenia muttered, taking off her glasses and wiping their wetness with her scarf.“Did something happen?”Nina knew that at eight o’clock that evening, Ksenia had gone to meet with some important people. Important people who spoke Russian, so she didn’t need an interpreter. The streets were empty, sleepy. Nina and the Spanish couple stayed at the hotel, and Ksenia got in her SUV and sped off into the darkness. They were waiting for her in the depths of that darkness, in one of the restaurants in Rogozhin.“Nothing happened. It’s just that I had no choice; I couldn’t not go. They were all drunk, there was vodka and awful food. Their mouths were shiny from all the fat they ate. And I’m on a diet. There are strict rules on the Montignac diet. I never eat anything after seven!”Nina slowly began to realize that Ksenia was drunk. The smell of vodka, a feast mixed with hotel cigarette smoke, replaced the blue coolness that had been flowing in from the street through the window.“Want some tea?”“Sure, if you have any. I still haven’t warmed up. Understand, I literally cannot digest that junk they were eating. Even the smell. Ham, sausage, chicken rolls . . . Pee-yew! There was a whole bucket of mayonnaise in the salad. And worst of all, their vulgar jokes and their red faces!”Nina poured some water in a glass, and then poured it into the electric kettle she brought with her from Moscow while Ksenia watched in awe.“It was a bunch of officials,” Ksenia explained. “Head of the education department, the database operator, the social worker from the children’s home. Some women from the school board. Today was the department head’s birthday so he threw a feast. I happened to call right in the middle of it. It was a big honor, by the way. What company they were! Rogozhin officials have loads of cash so they squander it on parties. Pee-yew, I can still smell the sausage,” Ksenia said, sniffing disdainfully.“Why spend it all on sausage? They could buy a new car or something,” Nina responded reflexively, pouring pieces of crumbled cookies onto a plate.“They can’t buy a car. Rogozhin isn’t Moscow. Every official is in the public eye. Everybody knows everything about everyone else. If somebody buys an apartment or a car, they ask, ‘How does a bastard like that get so much money?’ So they eat up everything they worked for to make sure they don’t look too special. They go to Turkey for the summer and cut loose there, you know—really whoop it up. Do you know about all the dishes our Russian spa-guest comrades order on their all-inclusive vacations? How they pack in so much, I’ll never know.”“So did you refuse, then? Think something up so no one would be offended? You probably couldn’t say that your doctor forbids you from consuming fat or alcohol.” Nina dropped a tea bag in a glass, and Ksenia came over. She pressed her fingertips to the hot glass.“Damn, that’s great. Hot tea . . . I mean, you cannot refuse. And you can’t make up an excuse. I’m obligated to demonstrate that I’m in it for myself. Just like they are. But in fact they’re well aware that’s not the case with me. They don’t even shit in the same forest as I do. But the money, you know? It’s all about the money. We have a mutual interest, so to speak. So I pay the price: I drag myself to their restaurants, I remember all their names, I drink vodka with them. I know all the local gossip. I can’t let them feel like I’ve been sent from the capital to trick them. Otherwise I would lose their trust, and then all would be lost.”“What would be lost?”“They’ll stop giving us children! I’m not the only cloud that blows through Rogozhin. They pick who they want to work with. They keep an eye on you, sniff you out. Who’s convenient to work with, and who’s not so much. If you’re too smart—good-bye. Too energetic—you’re also not particularly desirable. It’s me they tolerate, because I’m such a little gray mouse. See how I dress when I come here? The jacket, the sneakers. It’s my sporty little costume. I’m easy for them to work with.”“Can they really stop giving you the children? You’re an agency.”“No, I’m not an agency. I’m an independent mediator. I negotiate with the officials and extract the orphans. Then I match up the foreigners who adopt the orphans.”“Are there a lot of them who want to adopt?” Nina asked as she started to brew another tea for herself.“They’re still coming. They never slow down. There aren’t many children available in their own countries. I don’t know what’s going on with that. Maybe there’s a supply problem in developed countries so they’re coming to us. We have children’s homes that are bursting at the seams.”“Is it a simple process?”“Not so much right now. It used to be easier. All they had to do was get acquainted with the child and take him or her to Spain or America, without going to court. These days it’s different. At first they have a get-acquainted session, then there’s a pile of paperwork, then they go to court. They’re not allowed to pick a child—whichever one is offered, that’s who they take. I’ll tell you a secret,” Ksenia added and blew on her tea. “In Russia today, little children are our most valuable natural resource. Even more so than oil and real estate.”“That sounds so cynical.”“Yes, well,” Ksenia shrugged. “I speak the truth. And the truth is so often just like you say—cynical.”“What truth?”“The fact is, our little ones are in demand all over the world. There was another girl who used to come with me,” Ksenia continued. “As a translator. She was dull and silly. Such a little sparrow, she was. She was from the sticks. But last week she up and left. Why do you think she did that? She set up shop in her own region, that’s why. Still waters run deep, as they say. Now instead of her, it will be you. I hope, anyway. At least I can have a conversation with you.”Nina was surprised. Ksenia was doing all the talking, and all she did was listen. Perhaps an attentive listener is the best company. Even more than that, she sensed something familiar in Ksenia, as if they had known each other for a long time. And that too-small beret and the funny glasses. She had a young, whimsical face—Nina couldn’t believe it when she found out Ksenia had two grown sons.When Nina had sat down in Ksenia’s car in Moscow that first time so early in the morning, she had this feeling, like the woman behind the wheel was a version of her own self in ten years. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] During the night, snow filled up the entire city. Roads, courtyards, and sidewalks all disappeared, and everything became smooth and white. Ksenia’s SUV slid around like a piece of soap in a silver dish. The bushes under all the windows looked like people in white camouflage.The room where the Spanish couple had slept wasn’t anything like Nina’s—it was spacious and bright, with a wide bed that could have slept four. They were ready. They went up to the hotel restaurant together and picked a table by the window so they could admire the winter. Outside it was overcast, more like autumn.“This weather right now, this isn’t real winter,” Nina explained. “This is a special phenomenon we call a ‘partial thaw.’ There’s something similar in Spanish, I’m sure. It’s a strange snow, one that’s not so cold.”“What about a real winter?” asked José. “What’s the temperature then?”“Negative fifteen or twenty.”José’s face contorted in fright. A thaw suited him better.A breakfast tray arrived at the table. The waitress quickly set out the plates, yogurt, juice, and coffee on the table.“It’s beautiful,” Rosa said dreamily, sipping her lukewarm coffee and looking out the window. The winter day reflected like a tiny white thorn in her black pupils.“Quite beautiful,” José agreed politely. “Do you always get this much snow in the winter?”We have winter year-round in Russia, Nina thought grimly, finishing her coffee and standing up from the table. You fall asleep in summer and wake in winter. We don’t believe it’s summer when it’s here. It’s too short. As soon as you get used to it, it’s gone. Winter is a different story. Everything we have is for winter—central heating, a closet full of warm clothes.After breakfast they went outside, where Ksenia’s SUV was waiting.“It’s cold,” said Rosa, letting her suede shoes sink into the snow.José turned up the collar on his trench coat and covered his bald head with his warm hand.The SUV left its spot and glided along the tramline gently and easily, like a winter sleigh.“We’re going to the municipal building. To the education department,” Ksenia explained, slowing down for a stoplight. “They’ll tell them everything about the baby there and give them instructions for their get-acquainted session.”“You know, I was under the impression they already knew everything about their little Rita,” said Nina.“They still wouldn’t know anything about her at this point! All they have is a photo. Don’t blurt out that they know everything already when we get to reception. It must appear as if they are hearing it for the first time. They must receive all the information about the baby formally, so that everything conforms to the law.”They parked near the central square. The municipal building, an enormous gray edifice, didn’t fit in very well with the dilapidated houses, the city’s kremlin, and the enormous, sorrowful cathedral in the distance. Opposite its entrance stood the city’s monument to Lenin. A moist, whistling wind rushed past them, penetrating their clothes. Nina sped up her steps.Ksenia opened the tight glass door and they entered the lobby, which seemed like a continuation of the square outside. No one was around, and the walls smelled like wet seashells. They went up to the fourth floor. They went inside some office—Nina didn’t have time to read the sign on the door. The Spanish couple smiled, taking turns shaking hands with the fat lady dressed in maroon, who rushed over to meet the pair, her face glowing warmly as she politely asked them how they were doing.Suddenly the official turned to Nina. “Give me your passport,” she said.“Here, if you please.” Nina held it out.“What is that? I don’t understand what’s going on here!”“It’s my international passport,” Nina replied, feeling panic coming on. She had told Ksenia that she made a mistake when she left home and grabbed her overseas passport instead of her domestic one. “I left my internal Russian passport at home. Sorry.”The official stiffened like a spaniel catching the scent of a duck and looked at Nina with hostility, her eyes narrowed.“Are you a foreign citizen?”“No, I’m a citizen of Russia.”“Then why is this an international passport?”“This is a different kind of Russian passport. It’s a normal thing. It’s an accepted way to confirm someone’s identity. Here, look: name, surname,” Nina said, trying to justify it before falling silent. She knew this kind of passport was not allowed. Ksenia had warned her.“I will not work with you! Who cares about your name and surname? I only work with Russian citizens.”Nina was speechless.“And where is your Spanish visa?”For a moment, Nina lost touch with reality. Had this lady in maroon really never heard of overseas passports? And why would she need to show somebody in Rogozhin her old Spanish visa?“This is the last time this happens! Understood?” the stern official ordered.“Yes, yes, of course,” Nina murmured, terrified. “The last time.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] “You’ll be all right,” Ksenia later said, comforting a dejected Nina. “This was the first time she’s ever seen you, remember? And she didn’t know what to do with your passport. People in Rogozhin are skittish. She’s scared of everything—audits, getting reported. Every new person is a potential danger for her. They’ll get used to you. They’ll even start talking to you after a while. You should buy the better compote. It’s strained. Look, this one has berries still floating in it. You’ll see, they’ll love you eventually. They like to see familiar faces, not just anybody. Just be patient.”Ksenia’s warning came just at the right time—there was distrust and fear on many of the faces Nina encountered that day. The social worker Ada Mitrofanovna, who met Nina in the hallway of the children’s home, stared at her like she was a talking donkey and then hurried off to find Ksenia. The nurses looked at her with blank, fearful cow eyes, like she was addressing them in a foreign language. She got the sense that nobody in Rogozhin wanted her there or looked forward to seeing her again.The roads in the city center were nasty. The SUV got stuck near the children’s home, its wheels spinning helplessly. The engine revved hard, the tires squealed, and finally the SUV lurched back onto the road. As it entered the gate it tipped sharply first to one side, then the other, and finally rolled slowly into the courtyard.The children’s home—a brick building the color of blood in a vein—resembled a military hospital. Pushing on the padded leatherette door with her shoulder, Ksenia opened it, and they sank into the warm, thick stench reminiscent of a nursing home: bleach, medicine, burned food, and dirty linens.They went up to an office on the second floor—it was disturbingly spacious, empty, and very cold. The otherwise-empty walls were decorated with scenes from children’s cartoons. At the center of the mural was Dr. Ouchhurts: very small, painted with haphazard regard for proportionality, wearing his white coat and holding a thermometer. There was a flat frog beside him, which was really just a head, only slightly smaller than Dr. Ouchhurts. An owl that was too small peeked timidly out from the ominous darkness of a hollow tree.Dr. Ouchhurts. Nina remembered him right away; it took her back many years to the memory of a dental clinic. Everything was terribly dreary there, especially the picture of Dr. Ouchhurts and the cold, faded plastic toys that nobody ever played with. As she sat next to the door of the office, little Nina did her best to imagine that the dentist with the stiff fingers had another life somewhere—children, cats, television, family gatherings, memories, and secrets. She kept repeating to herself that this frigid hallway was absolutely necessary in a world where children have toothaches, and she almost managed to convince herself.There was hardly any furniture in the office. A desk, a couple of bookshelves, some office chairs. If not for the kindly symbol of Dr. Ouchhurts on the wall, Nina would have never thought there were children here. Ksenia told her later it was the special room for the foreigners.A nurse appeared. At first Nina thought she wasn’t carrying anything, but a moment later she saw a tiny creature who must have been less than a year old in a white dress with a large bow on her head. “Our Rita has a cleft lip,” Rosa had admitted to Nina the night before. “But it’s nothing scary. They can stitch it up when she gets older, and it won’t be noticeable.” Rita’s lip was enormous and fiery red. It burned brightly against the screen of her face and smock like a carnation.Nina was dumbfounded for a moment. She had never imagined what it would look like. It was an open wound, a dried-up piece of raw meat. Because of the deformed lip, the face was almost devoid of any expression.The doctor came in after the attendant—he was fat and flabby, in a greasy white coat. By the look of him, it was difficult to guess that this was the head doctor at the children’s home: Sergei Stepanovich, who Ksenia called simply “Stepanich.” Stepanich, Ksenia had told her, raked in a good percentage for every adopted baby. A fat wad of euros was sticking out of his saggy pants pocket as he wheezed and smiled wryly. He would spend half of it on drinking, the other half on his adult son and the dogs he had pitied on the street and brought home. Ksenia had also told Nina that Stepanich was a real Casanova and that one time he came to work “like a goat in the garden,” and wouldn’t give a single attendant, cleaning lady, or nurse any peace.Stepanich picked Rita up and did some kind of baby yoga with her—slung her over his shoulder, turned her upside down, and spun her by the arms in an arc over his head like a trapeze artist. He probably wanted to show how skillfully he knew how to handle children, which is how he earned his euros. The baby hanging from his hands looked at her future parents in resignation, noisily sucking air through the blood-red lip. To conclude his demonstration, Stepanich solemnly presented the little girl to José, pulled out a piece of wrinkled medical paper, and spread it out on the table.“A cleft lip,” Stepanich said importantly, “is the splitting of the lip and palate, a congenital defect, so to speak. Genetic inheritance, maternal transference in the first three months of pregnancy, or a viral disease is commonly to blame. Even if an infection is mild and the mother isn’t strongly affected by it, the consequences can be very unpleasant for the child. A heavy pregnancy can also be a cause,” Stepanich mused. “Yes. In addition to the visible deformity,” he continued, “this defect causes a great deal of inconvenience. The child can’t smile, has difficulty speaking and eating, and then there are the dental problems. It will require several operations. But a cleft lip has no effect on intelligence and overall development. Any questions?” Stepanich looked at the Spanish couple over the top of his glasses. “If there are, you can ask the caseworker.”Square as a nightstand, Ada Mitrofanovna, who took over for Stepanich, was the social worker at the children’s home and looked exactly like the mean official from the department who had made such a big deal about Nina’s passport. The two ladies looked so much alike that Nina wouldn’t have been able to tell them apart if she ran into them on the street. Ksenia had also told her about Ada the day before. She spoke about her respectfully—Ada was the central figure in every adoption. She was the one who distributed the children among the intermediaries like Ksenia. Then the department entered the selected children into the database and formalized the legal procedures. Ada enjoyed an abundant circle of intermediaries. She kept them all under constant pressure, quietly pitting them against each other and extorting money from them.Sometimes Ada paid a visit to the operations in Moscow. Because their futures depended on her visits, they frightened the intermediaries half to death. At every informal meeting with Ada, she promised more children and more income. Ada would arrive early to make plans for cultural leisure activities—getting tickets to the theater, for example, and making note of all the fashionable doctors in the capital. For several days Ada would stay in the apartment of one of them, and her host would have to abandon all other plans to ride around with her to all the shops and markets. In Moscow she took slow steps, short, steady strides like a chess rook dressed in all of her Rogozhin splendor, smelling of French perfume in her heavy astrakhan fur coat and mink cap. If Ada got stingy with the children she offered to be matched with adoptive parents, the business partner who was the object of her sudden disfavor would fall into a state of emotional instability, tormented as she tried to figure out when and how she had managed to offend Ada Mitrofanovna. Her disfavor threatened unpredictable consequences: the supply of children would be cut back, or would dry up completely. But in fact, this was not always the result of someone’s fault—from time to time Ada simply quit troubling one partner and started bothering the next.Worse than falling out of favor was being elevated to the role of Ada’s favorite, who she invited to stay in her apartment in Rogozhin. To reject that invitation would be unthinkable, so the victim would enjoy several days of Ada’s heavy-handed hospitality, several days of ceremonious tea, and several days of accompanying her hostess to restaurants.If one of them were to actually permit some kind of oversight reform, the results would be catastrophic. The victim of Ada’s wrath stood to lose not only the municipal children’s home—she would easily and gladly be denied access to both the regional shelter and the children’s homes of not only Rogozhin, but the entire region. The department wouldn’t care to accept that intermediary anymore and would put forth their frostiest bureaucratic faces, as if they were seeing her for the first time and had completely forgotten all the clinking of glasses in restaurants and the plump envelopes that landed softly in their palms like hand-reared doves. The door to international adoptions would be slammed shut on the victim forever.“What about the department?” Nina was surprised. “I thought they were the ones that gave us the children.”“They’re responsible for the formalities,” Ksenia explained. “They sign the introduction permits, keep personal files on the foreigners, and collect all the papers. In other words, they make the process legal. But Ada, she’s another matter entirely.”Ada prepared the baby’s so-called legal status, without which it was impossible to adopt: the child had to be considered officially orphaned, abandoned, or removed from parents deprived of their parental rights. Children in need of a certain status sometimes had to wait for months.“She works very hard,” said Ksenia. “Driving around to all the villages, looking for runaway mothers, picking up the abandoned children. And then sometimes a mother abandons a baby and doesn’t even fill out the paperwork. The police look for her, and when they find her Ada goes to see her and sorts it out. Sometimes she has to roam a long way to get to them, to other parts of the country, even. She’s indispensable.”“Who’s in charge?” Nina asked. “The director of the children’s home?”“Well, yes, the official director is technically the one in charge,” agreed Ksenia. “But he’s just a figurehead. He rarely even sees the children’s home. I meet with him personally and give him money.”“What are you paying him for, exactly?”“Without his permission, foreigners are not allowed in the door. If he gets tired of all this, he can just call it quits and say good-bye. At that point Ada can’t order anything. You can’t get annoyed about this, though; these are our suppliers. Generally speaking,” Ksenia continued, “in any operation, there are nominal figures, and there are actual ones. The director is nominally in charge of everything, but Ada Mitrofanovna is the one who is actually in charge. She holds the entire children’s home in the palm of her hand. Everything would have fallen apart long ago without Ada. The only problem is her greed.”“So she asks for a lot?”“Her? Ha, more than anyone else. Imagine, she makes mountains of money, and yet she demands to be driven to the other side of Rogozhin for dog food.”“Why so far?”“There’s a place where dog food is five rubles cheaper. So there she is, making people haul her across town to save money. We have to take her back and forth for free. Screw whatever gas you have to use to get her there.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] When Nina arrived for their meeting, Ada Mitrofanovna settled into her chair across the table from her. Her cheeks were rosy, her face not yet old. The blood vessels in her cheeks resembled branches of red coral. Ada studied the documents carefully for a few minutes, then took off her glasses and looked closely at Nina with her clear gray eyes.“The girl’s mother,” Ada began, “was young, unmarried. A good mother. Rita was her first baby. She was under the care of a doctor. She didn’t terminate the pregnancy. But she rejected the baby when she saw the lip.”“Who named the girl? Why Margarita? It’s such an unusual name,” Nina said.“Her mother. Who else? This always happens: they come up with a wonderful name, and then abandon the baby. There have been others named Greta, Adelaida, Roxanna . . .”Somehow this insignificant fact amazed Nina. How could someone abandon a baby after they had already named her? It would be easier with a nameless baby, almost like she didn’t fully belong to you yet. With a name it would be impossible.The door suddenly opened, and three people came in: a foreign man, a foreign woman, and their interpreter. They were tall and portly French people, a husband and wife. Their interpreter looked like an overgrown schoolgirl.The Spanish couple cooed at Rita. Nina was only a hindrance—there was nothing that needed to be translated at that point.A boy was brought to the French people—older than Rita and with a normal lip.At first glance Nina didn’t like them. They sat down by the window stiff, silent, and tight-lipped. They had no idea how to touch their little boy, how to hold him. They had probably wanted a baby, and this heavy, mobile toddler wearing shorts seemed too old to them. The French woman was tall and stout, without even a hint of a waist or chin. Her waist was a cushion of fat, and there were loose folds of skin in place of her chin. She took a toy car out of her bag and put it on the floor. The boy grabbed it and sniffed in concentration as he pushed it around the office, under the table, and along the baseboard. The man muttered something sheepishly in French, then he took the boy’s car, pressed a button, squatted down, and let it go. The car sped to the opposite wall with a roar, bumped into it, and went nimbly and steadily in reverse. The frightened little boy gave a piercing scream. The French couple looked at each other before talking between themselves with no sense of urgency. Nina couldn’t understand a word, but it seemed like the man was trying to convince his wife of something and she was responding tersely, nodding in rhythm like a chicken. Nina noted proudly that her Spanish parents were much nicer than these unpleasant French people.Little Rita took José’s phone, carefully opening his fingers one at a time, and pressed it cautiously to her ear. José played a Christmas ringtone and Rita listened, scared to move, her mouth open in awe. Rosa kissed the top of Rita’s head on her delicate flaxen hair.An hour passed, and by then Nina almost stopped noticing the monstrous lip. Little Rita didn’t seem so ugly. It was just a lip. The girl was just a girl. She got used to it, and after a while there was nothing terrible about it. The lip faded from notice, and no trace of it remained.The office windows turned a deep blue even though the clock said it was only four. The weather is changing, Nina thought, leaning against the wall.There was a lull in the monotonous murmur of voices. For some reason she couldn’t make herself remember the name of that ferocious official from the department. She wasn’t even sure Ksenia had said her name. Nina was dozing with her eyes open. For several seconds, she managed to have a complete dream about Ada and the crazy lady from the department. In her dream one of them transformed into the other, merging like two overlapping decals, one superimposed on top of the other, becoming an entirely different person, and this third person sped away from Nina to the sound of footsteps down the deserted corridor of the children’s home.Nina woke up when the nurse came back to pick up Rita.“Little Rita,” the nurse babbled gently. “Time to return to the group, eat your food, and go to sleep.”Rita looked sleepy and indifferent at the door as she turned to watch the Spanish couple, who were looking out the window at the falling snow.Nina buttoned her coat, and she was getting ready to leave when Ksenia called her.“Listen, this is urgent . . . Do you have a camera on your phone?”“I do,” said Nina.“Excellent. Then find Ada. She’ll take you somewhere, and you will need to photograph one more little girl. This one has curvature of the spine. A spinal disease. Her parents asked me to send photos they can show to the doctors in Spain. I completely forgot, can you believe that? You have three minutes, and while I’m gone, Ada will take the opportunity to speak with you.”“Wait,” Nina said, suddenly nervous. “You arranged a meeting for me with her? And then they’ll look to me for everything?”“I did. Go ahead. Don’t be afraid.”Just then Ada Mitrofanovna herself sailed out of the office to meet Nina.“Nina? Right. This is Vera, she’s our nurse. She will take you.”Nina left the Spanish couple behind, took off her coat, and followed nurse Vera down the corridor and deep into the building.They went into a small room. It was a special sort of office where the children with birth defects were kept. The beds were close to each other. They were bare mattresses covered with oilcloth.The first one was a boy in a crib—he had a stump instead of a right hand.“All the children here are invalids,” Vera explained. “This one here, his parents were drug addicts.”The boy smiled at Nina, showing two new white teeth in his pink gums, and pulled out his healthy arm.The girl in the next bed wasn’t smiling. She didn’t look at Nina. Instead she lay motionless on her back, an enormous, watermelon-like head clinging to her tiny body. Her haggard face seemed to frighten the adults.“What’s wrong with her?” Nina asked.“Macrocephaly,” said Vera. “She’s from a good family, by the way. Her parents are healthy, nondrinkers . . .”“How much longer will she live with a head like that?”“Hard to say . . . But is that really even living? Her existence is agony. Cramps, pain, endless painkillers—she can’t exist without them.”Nina had already taken a picture for Ksenia of a girl who, compared to all the rest, seemed perfectly healthy. Vera had gone off somewhere, and Nina stood there helplessly in the middle of the room. There were sick children on all sides—children with claws instead of hands, clusters of too many fingers, deformed heads, or hideous growths all over their bodies. But after a few minutes, Nina stopped noticing all this and only saw the eyes—curious, mischievous, deadened, sad, suffering, blind, or with cataracts that looked like lakes veiled in an early ice. Nina felt sick from the intense smells of urine and medication. She remembered seeing an article somewhere about a foster home for disabled children. Nobody took an interest in any of these children, and they were just laid there without any monitoring or treatment. They would die from exhaustion. Nina remembered the photographs. A gray brick building, an empty field, iron crosses, a cemetery. The grave markers didn’t preserve the children’s names—they were worn away by rain and snow. Beside them were pits overgrown with mustard and horsetails—future graves.Soon Vera came back, and Nina returned to the Spanish couple. They already had their coats on and were milling around in the lobby. Nina threw her coat on and went outside.The warm stench to which she had already grown accustomed was behind her now, and Nina took a deep breath of the sweet, damp air.“How are you?” Ksenia asked, brushing the snow off her hood.“Fine. Better than I was at the department.”“And the baby?”“Good. The lip can be stitched up, and everything will be fine.”“Excellent! And the other girl?”“I took her picture. I’ll e-mail it to you.”Outside it was a lot brighter than it had seemed inside the office. Brighter and colder. Nina’s eyes watered.They all got into Ksenia’s SUV and headed back to the hotel. After the children’s home and the chilly dampness of the street, the inside of the car seemed like a chill-out room inside a Moscow club.Nina looked through the windshield at the trees, streets, and buildings speeding by and once again questioned the reality of the situation. Her connection with the familiar was broken for the moment, and she couldn’t understand how all of this had come into her life: the dim evening lights, the silhouettes of passersby hurrying along the snowy Rogozhin sidewalks, the curtain-less windows of the wooden houses, in which grim, meager furniture, and in one case a glowing chandelier, could be seen from the street.Ksenia parked near the hotel. Nina climbed out first, then let the Spanish people out. Every step in the snow left a mashed, bluish print with smooth edges.“Ask them if they like their girl,” Ksenia said, when they got back to the hotel and locked the door from the inside.“They’re quite pleased,” Nina reported eagerly, unbuttoning her coat and smoothing her mussed hair. She took a quick look at her face in the mirror; it was ruddy from the cold outside. Could it really be possible that she would be thirty soon? As she rubbed her face with her hands, a new thought ran through her mind: she had just helped people and done a good job. Now the girl with the cleft lip would have parents, the Spanish couple would have a daughter, and Elenita would have a sister. It was all a lot better than putting herself out there in front of a bunch of bored first-year students.“No, ask them. Let them answer for themselves.”Of course, Nina shouldn’t have inserted herself. She translated Ksenia’s question. The Spanish couple nodded eagerly: they had their minds made up from the beginning.“If that’s the case, they need to pay in advance.”José reached into an oilcloth pouch hidden on a belt beneath his clothes and pulled out a thick stack of bills. He held them out to Nina, who took them, the bills warm from body heat.“Six thousand euros. Payment in advance as per our agreement,” Ksenia said.Nina was in over her head. She found it difficult to make sense of the connection between the stale air of the orphanage, the sick child, and the stack of money in her hand. She mechanically translated everything Ksenia said and gave her the money, and only then did it occur to her that she must have misheard. Six thousand? In advance? And for what? For the right to become the parents of an orphan with a carnation on her lip?Nina opened her mouth to clarify the figure, but Ksenia had already calmly taken a seat at the table and was beginning to count the money. She took her time counting, carefully wetting her fingers on her tongue. The money was laid out in stacks of five hundred euros. Twelve small stacks.They had some coffee in the hotel’s restaurant before getting back on the road. The Spanish couple still smiled politely like they had before, and Nina tried to force herself to display excitement, but she felt awkward. A stack of bills, relocated from under José’s shirt, through Nina’s hands, and into Ksenia’s folder, had completely dispelled that special warmth she had felt between them the day before when they sat in the pizzeria. And then again when they had all gone to get acquainted with Rita together. Nina had been more than just their interpreter. She was worried now and felt responsible. When she saw that ugly lip, she had been seriously afraid they wouldn’t take Rita. She had been proud that her Spanish foreigners had been so much better than the French foreigners. But now, with the money in stacks, all that disappeared.It was dark outside, and they were still sitting in the restaurant just like before, waiting for Ksenia. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] By evening the SUV was speeding back to Moscow through blizzard and darkness.It was bitter cold. A strong wind was blowing, stirring dry, frosty powder up into the air.Nina admired Ksenia: she was so practical, and so self-confident, the way she deftly steered the heavy car through the blizzard. Ksenia’s day had been difficult. While Nina and the Spanish couple were sitting at the children’s home and then having a leisurely cup of coffee, she had driven all over Rogozhin, making the rounds of all the officials, with money and other offerings. The day ended with everyone tired and looking to rest on the road, but Ksenia was behind the wheel again—headlights shining into the darkness, pushing the trembling butterfly of light along the slick road that was barely discernible in the darkness. The six thousand euros was riding in a black leather folder in her backpack. Never in her life had Nina held so much money in her hands. Even if you added up all her salaries, stipends, and revenue from private lessons, you would be unlikely to arrive at a comparable number. Six thousand euros was mind-boggling. What an incredible woman! A lady with balls of steel!Nina was pleased as well: there were two fresh hundreds in her purse. Two hundred euros—it took her two weeks to earn that much teaching at the university. Or eight private lessons, where Nina had made most of her money the past five years. One lesson took up half a day of her life: the preparation, the ride over, one-on-one for half an hour with the student, the cup of tea and cookies, and then the return trip. For some time now, private lessons had been more tiring for Nina than a class with a group of students. What if those green hundreds could find their way into her purse on a regular basis? Say, two or three times a month. Then Nina could refuse the burdensome students and focus on her dissertation.Snow-covered spruce trees from out of a fairy tale swept past along the road. José and Rosa had probably never seen such regal majesty, such perfect brightness. A genuine blizzard had arrived, its snowy wind hitting the windshield, and it seemed to Nina like the huge petals of a white chrysanthemum were being drawn toward them. The headlights illuminated the flower’s mysterious depths, and an entire galaxy of whirling snowflakes shimmered around it.The frost came on as night set in. As they were approaching Moscow, the clouds parted, and a full moon shone in the sky, surrounded by an even glow. Ksenia turned on the radio, and the inside of the SUV filled with some straightforward, rhythmic music.The air smelled of Rosa’s perfume.Snow glistened in the fields.Nina felt sorry for this Spanish couple for some reason. She felt like there was some kind of mistake in everything that had happened, but she couldn’t determine who exactly was mistaken. She had done her job honestly. She translated every single word, volunteered friendship for free, smiled, and told them about Russia. It would appear that Ksenia, too, worked with a conscience. No one was being cheated, and everything was understood from the beginning.Nina fell asleep just before they got into Moscow, lulled by the warmth of the car. She didn’t see the electric dawn that appeared before them, the pervasive illumination of the lights on all sides of the concrete icebergs. But even in her dream she felt an enormous, warm gratitude for it. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Even if you brought all the streetlights from the Rogozhin city center, they would only be able to illuminate the one wide avenue by which the SUV entered Moscow.These were two completely separate worlds.She didn’t feel like going home. Too much had happened since she was last in Moscow, and she needed to discuss it with somebody.After dropping the Spanish couple off at their hotel, they went to Ksenia’s place. Ksenia lived not far from the city center in an older neighborhood. She had a tiny little efficiency apartment. The only room was cozy, no frills: a shelving unit along the wall, a fluffy carpet on the floor. It felt like a hotel room. Ksenia brought out a tray from the kitchen—plates, cups, spoons, and a knife. They sat cross-legged on the carpet, and Ksenia opened the cherry cake they bought at the supermarket and cut it into two halves—one slab on Nina’s plate, the other on her own. She handed Nina a spoon.“That Spanish guy wasn’t half-bad, by the way. Dignified. But that wife of his was only so-so.”The cake was delightful—light as air, with fresh cherries. Nina had never tried one like it.“I know, I know. This isn’t what I should be eating”—Ksenia cut off a big piece with her spoon and delivered it to her mouth—“but this is the last thing. At breakfast tomorrow I’m back on my diet.”Nina still wanted to ask questions about adoption.“I never knew it was so expensive,” she began.“Getting children? Indeed it is, and it’s not acceptable for you to be blabbing about it. When you’re on the inside, you don’t advertise it. Just take them on and start raking in the dough yourself.” Ksenia chewed her cake and had a sip of tea. “International adoption is a gold mine. But I’m not the one who gets really rich. That part’s a shame,” she added, looking up from her plate and fixing her eyes on Nina.“Yeah? Who does?”“There is someone else. A longtime friend of mine. We went to school together. His name is Kirill. He finds the Spaniards and starts the process, and all the money goes to him. I’m his employee. I trek out to the region, hang out with the bureaucrats, go out to restaurants with Ada, pry the children away from her, and then give the money to Kirill. Of the six thousand we got paid today, I get almost nothing. Kirill doesn’t live the sort of life I do—he’s a Canadian citizen, for fuck’s sake! He has a villa in Spain with stables and a swimming pool. I was there, I saw all that breathtaking beauty with my own eyes.”“Would you want to live like that?”“Of course not. You understand, the main thing for me is the freedom. All of this”—she gestured around the room with its fluffy carpet—“suits me quite well. I love living alone. I get up early in the morning and go for a run in the park. And I love having friends over in the evening. They’re like me; they don’t live in mansions, either. And that Canadian citizen is not one of them. In order to live the way Kirill lives, you have to be prepared for the fact that your circumstances can change, and so can everything that goes along with it—lifestyle, entertainment, clothing. What the hell do I need with all that? My needs are modest.”“And how did he get started, this Kirill?” asked Nina. “Did someone hire him?”“Kirill is a mystery. He never talks about himself, and I don’t ask too many questions. Let’s just say that he knows exactly who he needs to talk to, he knows what a lucrative business this is, and he has used all his power to get into it. This is the best business we have today in Russia.” Ksenia set down her plate and looked at Nina for emphasis. “Understand?”“I understand.” For some reason neither of them was awkward about it.“And when a man understands everything about that business, then the next step is for him to get involved in it. Quietly at first. Just like how you are. And then everything takes off on its own—when the claw is stuck, the whole bird is pulled into the abyss. Opening up your own region, that’s just like striking gold.”“So it’s hard to find your own region?”“You have to have a lead. Let’s say for example you have a childhood friend—a real simpleton, let’s call her Frosya Taburetkina. You and this Frosya used to run home from school together, steal makeup from your mamas together, buy foreign outfits from speculators together. Your Frosya’s face isn’t all that, the boy she liked dumped her, she cried for three days, and you’re the one who consoled her. Neither of you will ever forget this. But then your paths diverged: You went to university, taught students, wrote your dissertation. And Frosya Taburetkina, your pal, managed to pull the right strings and become a minor official somewhere in the ministry of education. Or at city hall in Rogozhin. Or maybe Frosya graduated from a teacher’s college and is a counselor at the children’s home. A quiet, modest counselor, a sort of lazy mermaid lounging on a beach of gold. But one day the two of you get together again. It’s not important which one of you initiates the visit—whether she comes to see you, or you go to see her. You’re friends from childhood, that’s a special kind of relationship. So now you drink her tea and eat her cake—your Frosya’s baking and overall kitchen skills are matched by none. And then you start to gab about this and that: men, apartment repairs, former classmates. And needless to say, you talk about money, too—neither of you has enough of it in her life. You want to go to Spain again, and you can’t scrape the funds together. And then, sooner or later—it really doesn’t matter who says it first, you or her—one of you will ask: Why not go into business together? You have acquaintances in Spain, she has buttons and levers. And enough orphans from the Russian hinterlands to fill a freight train.”Ksenia paused and wiped the corners of her mouth with a napkin.“You and your Frosya both know perfectly well what a booming business this is. You’ve already figured out the best way to set it all up. And let’s be frank here—the two of you didn’t meet up for no reason, though neither of you will admit this directly. You got together because you’re the key and she’s the lock. Without one of you, the other can’t make anything happen. But together you transform into a river of gold. And that’s how it takes off.”“What takes off?”“Frosya will not deal directly with the cases. She is a prudent woman, and she greatly cherishes her modest position in the ministry of education or the Rogozhin municipality building. Adoptions for her mean extra kopecks in the house—it’s a sporting interest, nothing more. She and her husband don’t say anything at first. At first you sit quietly in her office, you and your childhood friend, having a visit. But in the moments in between she lets you know where to go next, who you need to talk to, and then you show up to see them carrying some money in your beak—you saw today what can happen with a little money. But that’s only half the battle.”“What’s the other half?”“The next thing you have to do is normalize the situation. Aside from the department of education there is the children’s home, and there are people working there, too. Then there are the school board and the organs of guardianship. And they’re not a bunch of sitting ravens, those people. Next is the court, the office of vital records, and the visa registration office. The baby being adopted needs a passport to travel overseas to Spain, and it also needs to be done in one day instead of one month, which is what the law says it should be. Right now all the people who have access to the orphans have their noses in the wind. You are obliged to please them all. People must want you if they are to reach out to you.”“You did all that yourself?”“Of course not. It would have taken half my life to do all that. Kirill helped, and he has my thanks. He and I both went to the municipality building, and he said, ‘Hello, this is Ksenia, my good acquaintance, I request your love and generosity.’ After the municipality building, we went to the caretakers at the children’s home. And finally vital records, visa registration, and the court. Everywhere we went he held my hand like a traditional father. But now he’s exploiting the situation. I should introduce you, by the way—he takes an interest in whoever we’re working with. He wanted to get to know the last interpreter also, so don’t feel weird about it.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina was just coming out of Ksenia’s apartment building when her phone rang.Even without looking, she knew it was Max. She knew it from the moment her phone came to life, and even earlier—in moments before the call, she was reaching automatically into her pocket.“Hi . . . you busy?”“I just got back from Rogozhin.”“No way! Were you on an excursion or something?”“Oh, what an excursion it was! No, it was for work . . .” Nina realized he wasn’t calling from home. There were voices and the sound of cars.“What are you doing right now?”“I’m on my way home. Why?”“Well, I wish I could see you.”“I can’t do it today. I’m so tired. Tomorrow maybe? No, tomorrow evening I’m seeing the Spanish people off.”“What about the day after tomorrow?”“The day after tomorrow I have to prepare a test for my students.”She could see Max; he was slowing his steps, and a little cloud of melted breath was beginning to appear in the damp air.“Well, I guess with something like that . . . Too bad.”Nina smiled. “I’ll call you a little later when I get home and tell you everything, okay?”“All right. Bye.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina and Max met at a delicate time of year, when late autumn was giving way to winter.The leaves had fallen and were lying on the asphalt, mixing with the mud, which then stuck to the soles of shoes.She remembered that morning well, every part of it: there was a light frost, that sleepy calm that covers the land not long before the first real snowfall.Classes ended early, and by noon she was free. She was alone in the department office, having buried herself in a table of books, her coffee cup already rinsed and her coat already on, when suddenly the windows darkened, the sky lowered, and the snow began to tumble down.She wanted so badly to get outside in the white mist that she buttoned her coat on the go.She came out of the humanities building and walked along the path to the metro. The snow fell in fat flakes, quickly hiding the frost-covered puddles and sticking all over the branches of the apple, chestnut, and linden trees. The world greeted Nina like it had traveled a great distance to see her. Instead of the city’s usual sounds, there was a quiet rustling. On the other side of the iron fence, the pedestrians were hurrying about their business, heads down and collars turned up.Nina often took walks through the university’s alleys. She didn’t have a very good sense of how the city was arranged, and the whole neighborhood from Sparrow Hills Station to Vernadsky Avenue appeared in her mind as an endless pattern of branches and trunks, until she arrived at the monument called the Endurance of the Parks.She suddenly changed her mind about taking the metro. She didn’t feel like descending into that stuffy dungeon, so she passed through the gates and kept walking.She saw him from afar and caught her breath in delight; what sort of project had this man holding a professional camera chosen for himself in this winter weather! He dropped to one knee and took a picture of the snow. She slowed her pace, keeping an eye on him—he looked so striking in his black coat, in the middle of the white and stormy gloom. It was almost like he was lifting off from the ground and hovering in the air with the snowflakes.She had already passed him when he called out to her. “Miss, wait! Hello!”He covered his lens and brushed the snow from his coat.“I saw you a year ago, at the university jubilee. You probably don’t remember me.”“At the jubilee?” Nina tried to remember. “No, I don’t remember. There were so many people.”“I remember you.”“That’s strange. After a whole year.”“You were upset about something that day. I think you had a little vase of roses.”“That’s right.” Nina blushed. “Perfect memory. The vase was really small, but when I tripped, so much water came out it was like I had knocked over a whole aquarium. I had new shoes on. They were heels, and then . . .”“You tripped?”“Well, yes.”They laughed.“Impressive,” Nina said. “I don’t remember faces very well.”“That’s my job. I’m a photographer. My name is Maxim. And you are?”“Nina.”“Nina.” Max repeated her name thoughtfully, as if he were having just a taste of the N. “You know, Nina, I have a request for you. Would you pose for me a little? I was out here just waiting for the first snowfall, and now that I’ve seen it there’s nothing else to do. I’ll send you the photographs. Stand here. Like this. Now walk along the path, only very slowly.”Nina didn’t really understand his reasons, but she did everything just like he wanted. She moved slowly away in the direction he pointed. Snow settled on her forehead and eyebrows, melting and running slowly down her cheeks. And now she was the one floating in the snowy darkness, where there was neither earth nor sky, as if the world hadn’t even been created yet. The shutter clicked behind her.Max soon caught up with her. They walked around together, slowly going nowhere in particular. That first snow melted quickly, making slushy sounds under their feet. Everything returned to a typical dull autumn day: the city and all its towers and spires plunged back into the autumn rain. But Nina kept the memory of the black-and-white photographs: a woman surrounded by branches and large snowflakes. It was difficult to recognize herself in this woman.When it got dark, they went to a coffee shop by the metro. Max ordered mulled wine, Nina tea with mint. They could hear the pattering of the rain outside.The smell of wet clothes met Nina. A subtle, vaguely familiar waterlogged scent—Nina tried to recall where she met those officious scents before, but she couldn’t remember.She acted like she was listening, but she was quietly scrutinizing Max. His face was gentle and a little sad, and Nina wasn’t sure if she was into him or not. It was a fairly unusual face, but then all faces seemed strange to her if she stared at them long enough. Dark, attentive eyes, a small Roman nose, and the full lips of a spoiled child. The tanned skin of a man who lived for a long time under the southern sun—not a typical tan but a deep, bronzed swarthiness. There was fashionable stubble on his cheeks.As she looked him over, she was thinking about his recent “opening.” Nina wasn’t sure if anyone else noticed this, but all people have an invisible membrane that opens up sometimes. She could see it. It’s almost impossible to get into a world where you don’t belong. You can get close, you can touch it and hug it, you can make desperate efforts that cause the flexible membrane to stretch to a point of inaudible resonance. But all the same, the membrane won’t let you in any farther. And if you do manage to get past it and find your way inside, you’ll get a surprise. There, inside, everything is approximately the same as it was on the outside, from your side, but a little different, as though someone made a very skillful copy of your own little world. But this copy was still merely a copy, and reading its elusive signs, Nina guessed it was able to perceive the outside world as only an imitation of its own.She poured tea into a cup from a small white teapot. There was steam floating over the cup, the smell of mint reminded her of summer, and she was listening to what Max was saying. He spoke the way a bird sings. He spoke about his work—he was an investigative photographer. He worked on stories about Nigeria and racism, about Mexicans who defied the border and crossed into America, about Venezuela, where there are spiders the size of saucers and they eat birds. Is it true about the birds? Nina doesn’t believe it. It’s the absolute truth. Max smiles. But they don’t catch large birds like ravens and owls. They just catch hummingbirds. Poor hummingbirds, Nina exclaims. They’re no bigger than a caterpillar, like this—and she connects her thumb and index fingers.Music was pouring from unseen speakers, the kind of music that gives an ordinary conversation strange significance, as if they weren’t just people sitting at a table in a café but heroes in a cinematic novel. Such amazing music in the onset of early winter warmed her like hot milk. It merged with Max’s voice, prompting his words and penetrating his stories.Nina felt like she was swimming in a warm, foggy sea.This music, it wasn’t sugary-sweet and sentimental, just tender and a little tart, just enough to melt the invisible membrane that separated Nina from this unfamiliar person.Or maybe there was no such membrane? Maybe it didn’t exist.Max had already told her all about the Biennial, which had just recently ended, and about his beloved Richard Avedon. And about the temptations of digital photography and Photoshop.“What’s so bad about digital photography?” Nina wondered. “You can see how it turned out right away. And if you don’t like something, you can fix it in Photoshop, right?”“That’s a complicated question. On one hand, you’re right. Everyone’s always in a hurry these days. And digital is quick and cheap: see it, snap it, forget it. But you see, framing is completely undervalued in digital. The frame is automatically wide of the target—that’s modern photography.”“Digital is magical, in my opinion. And digital photos are more convenient to keep. They’re stored away somewhere on your computer and not in a dusty old album.”“What on earth are you saying, Nina? You really think anything can replace those dusty old albums? They’re like a signature. Remember how it was before—authors burned their unsuccessful works. That is action in and of itself: one page after another, into the fire. Plenty of time to feel and experience, plenty of time to understand what they’re doing! And now? Press ‘Delete’ and it’s gone. By the way, after all, the same thing that happens with literature happens with photos. Computers, the Internet. Every other person is a writer. So what? Where are all the good books?”“You’re so vain.” Nina lowered her eyes, lifted the teapot lid and looked inside. “I like modern literature. There are so many interesting authors. And computers don’t interfere with the quality of the text—quite the opposite. The texts can now be cleaned up and polished. An attentive reader can feel this, it’s true. I have encountered amazing works—not a single unnecessary word! And furthermore, writers are spared their laborious routine—there’s no need to retype one page a thousand times and to keep a big pile of papers on the table.”“Ugh, I can’t read modern literature. It’s all superficial and simplistic. There’s simplicity, and then there’s simplicity, and that’s exactly what I don’t like. On first glance, yes, it’s clean and smooth. The subject matter is entertaining. But it’s unmemorable: I devour it, and then I forget about it. Like pop music or fast food, it’s quickly absorbed and then drops out of your mind.”She listened to Max, resting her cheek thoughtfully on her hand. She looked at his lips and smiled. The membrane wasn’t there. Like she had known him for a hundred years. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The first thing Nina did when she got home was dial Yulia’s number, and Yulia asked her to go back to Rogozhin in her place again.It was a difficult offer to turn down. Nina wasn’t so lucky when it came to earning money: aside from her students and a few articles that got thrown her way to translate, hardly anything came along.One time she was invited to an international dog exhibition—one of the experts was from Argentina and required a Spanish translator. They were showing indoor dog breeds. The night before, Nina faithfully copied out a list of canine terms from the dictionary into a notebook. The grand opening was announced, and all the lapdogs yapped in the arms of their masters. Nina’s expert was a nimble little man with the mannerisms of a showman. The dog show was in full swing, the dogs were brought up on stage, and Nina was doing her best, when suddenly the Argentinian showman whispered in her ear in perfect Russian: “Psst . . . I’m actually from Russia. I’m an immigrant. My Russian is as good as yours.”“So what did you call me for?” asked Nina, barely able to hide her disappointment.“What for? I’m a judge. A foreign judge without an interpreter is considered undignified. There’s not one of these dog people who doesn’t know I speak Russian. So just be gracious and translate for me.” Nina kept translating, but without her previous enthusiasm.Another time she went for a job as an interpreter in the Moscow branch of a Russian-Spanish trading firm—she saw an ad on the Internet, dialed the number listed, and got invited for an interview. All morning she went back and forth between the wardrobe and the mirror to get the look just right, in her estimation, for a serious office: tight skirt, white blouse and jacket, eyelashes and eyebrows made up. At that time all the ads said all employees were required to have a “European appearance,” and Nina put her best effort into achieving this inexplicable European appearance, with her lean figure and boyish face. The interview took place in the director’s office. In front of Nina at the table sat a phlegmatic fat man with a drooping mustache. Nina spoke fluently about her university career, about graduate school, about the department where she was getting ready to teach. She showed him her newly minted diploma.The fat man looked at her sadly and seemed doubtful. “This is all good. Overall, you are well suited for the job.”“And what will my job be?” Nina asked.“I make regular trips to Spain, for about two weeks at a time. You will be my personal interpreter. The first trip will be in July, then one closer to autumn, at the end of August.”“Excellent.” Nina was glad. “I would be quite satisfied with that. And what do you need me to do in Spain?”“You’ll accompany me throughout the trip. You can teach me a little Spanish at the same time. I need to pick up a bit myself,” the good-natured fat man grunted. “Don’t worry, it won’t be too much work.”“Sounds good,” Nina said, nodding.“Well then, we have an agreement. Come back to the office in a couple weeks and we’ll have a contract for you to sign.” Nina got up, slung her bag on her shoulder, and took a step toward the door. “There’s only one condition,” added the director in parting. “We’ll be sharing the same room.”“What do you mean?” Nina didn’t understand.“See, our firm doesn’t have enough money for every employee to have a private room. The translator stays with me every moment of the trip, so we share a room as well.”“That’s strange.” Nina was confused. “I’ve never heard of such a thing.”“Well, think everything over and give us a call.”Nina left the room. What kind of nonsense is that? she wondered. What kind of international firm can’t afford a private room for their interpreter?She came home, and staying the way she was in her coat and boots, went into her room and called her university friend Dina, who had worked part-time at the same firm. Nina outlined the gist of the conversation.“Are you an idiot?” Dina asked. “You’re even thinking about his offer? Are you really going to sleep with that pig?”“It can’t be . . .” Nina sat down on the sofa. Only then did it come to her. She laughed with Dina, but it was a long time before Nina could pull herself together from the rage and disgust.Like Nina, her friend Yulia worked as a Spanish instructor. She had even written an article in an academic journal, translated books, followed new titles in Spanish literature, and coached graduate students. Nina was amazed—how could a person keep up with so much! Yulia herself put it this way: “I don’t have any talents, except for persistence and perseverance.” Nina herself was another matter: she was gifted. She just couldn’t figure out how to get organized and didn’t really know what she wanted to do with her life.But Yulia knew everything about herself. At twenty-seven she had a master’s degree and was gathering material for her doctorate. She made little effort to look nice and always wore “respectable things”: dull jackets, skirts, and knit dresses that didn’t fit her very well. “I couldn’t care less,” Yulia said, laughing. “So what! The most important thing is to set priorities, and my main goal is to respect my students and my work. And fashion—well, so what about fashion? I read that interview where Whoopi Goldberg was asked what her favorite kind of clothes were, and she said, ‘The best clothes are clothes in my size.’”Indeed, Nina mused regretfully. You couldn’t care less, you wear any old clothes “in your size,” and it’s all about the dissertation. What if a person just can’t be like that? What if it’s simply in my nature to contradict such a statement? She loved Whoopi Goldberg, too, but could not imagine herself in some of the clothes “her size.”Yulia picked up the phone immediately—she was apparently sitting in front of the computer.“I was wondering where you were. How was your trip? How did you like Rogozhin?”“Everything was fine. Hey, do you think I could come see you a little later? There were so many things happening on that trip, I just need to talk with someone about it.”“Of course, come on over. Just not too late, okay?”“Don’t worry, it’ll be quick.”Yulia also lived near Belorusskaya Station. Nina left her building, crossed a couple of blocks of buildings, rode on the tram, and was soon in Yulia’s company.It was a very old block and an old building.Belorusskaya was the same part of town she lived in, but Yulia’s neighborhood was nothing like Nina’s. There was a homeless person dozing in a cardboard box near the road. There were bags full of trash beside him. A line of clothes was hung out in the yard, despite the cold. A guy and a couple of girls were hanging around in Yulia’s entrance. The guy was drinking a beer, and the girl was nibbling on sunflower seeds. When Nina passed through, they all fell silent with unhappy faces.Nina loved taking the stairs to the second floor, running her fingers along the iron railing, breathing in the dusty, thick, and somehow very authentic spirit of Moscow.Yulia also had a remarkably tall, old door—quite different from the armored doors of Nina’s building.Nina pushed the doorbell.“You’re fast! Did you come by taxi?”“It was a quick tram ride.”“Who is it, Yulienka?” said a voice from the kitchen.“It’s Nina,” shouted Yulia.“Ach, Ninochka, come in, come in . . .”Nina took off her coat and shoes in Yulia’s big, dark entry. Ancient, brittle furniture, yellowed wallpaper, a dark and creaky parquet floor. There was an icon in the room’s red corner—Yulia was devout, was in “a period of strict neophytism,” as she called it, and had even planned to enter a convent once. She looked like a legitimate nun—long skirt, headscarf, rosary beads. As far as the convent was concerned, she spoke soberly about that time in her life. After her third year at university, she paid no attention to her parents’ wailing and took off for some convent of note. She came back a couple of months later. Whatever happened at the convent, whether they refused to accept her or she changed her mind, Yulia didn’t talk about it. But those conversations about how everything in the world was bustle, and that escaping to the convent was critical, those were no longer going on. Her orthodoxy entered a peaceful phase, she stopped wearing the beads on her wrist, didn’t try to convert anybody anymore, and generally became kinder and more gentle.But it was as though monasticism attached itself to Yulia and rode back to Moscow with her after her time at the convent. A loose-fitting dressing gown, a dark scarf—in the twilight entryway, Nina might have thought it was a novice nun who had opened the door, not an associate professor from the journalism faculty at Moscow University.“I’ll make tea.” Yulia went to the kitchen, and soon there were sounds of cups clinking. “Come on in.”Not much had changed in Yulia’s little room for the past fifty years or so—same furniture, same chandelier, same wallpaper, same books. Books were on the desk under the antique lamp and on the floor beside the bed. The bed was narrow and girlish—it was unclear how Yulia fit her hefty self in it.The monitor was open to a page from LiveJournal. Yulia followed it almost daily. She scolded herself for following a social network, regretting so much time wasted on virtual interaction, but she just couldn’t help herself and spent at least an hour a day there.“So tell me,” Nina asked, “are you really traveling around to other parts of the country?”“Where is it you think I go? I’m busy all day, and if the translations are urgent I’m sitting up all night. There’s one thing that saves me—I put a plate of crackers or chips in front of me and that’s how I drag myself along all night. And then I’m sitting there until morning. It’s a lot of work, you know. I take however much they give me. I can never refuse. It’s a bad habit, like the Internet.” Yulia sighed. “All I ever dream about is saving money to renovate this apartment. Then sometimes I think, why bother fixing it up? We can get by the way it is. But even then, we still need the money. Grandma is sick. Her old dacha is worse than our apartment. It’s falling apart. At least here the roof doesn’t leak.”“I always thought it was books you were translating at night,” Nina commented.“And what books they are! No, they’re the documents for the Spanish parents. You can’t survive on books alone these days. You know the rate is four thousand for twenty-four pages. I work slowly, can’t do more than six pages a day. So add that up—a thousand a day, no more, and then, if that’s adequate for this work, you sit there. Some Spanish friends of mine don’t buy Chinese products. On principle. They’re prepared to pay premium prices rather than buy Chinese. They have child labor there; the exploitation is horrible. But I look at translated books, and it’s not the page count I see but a figure hunched over a computer. I simply refuse to buy any translated books.”“You really don’t buy any?”“Can you imagine? I don’t. But I read very little that’s modern. And if I read it, it’s either written in Russian to begin with or in the original Spanish. So for me at least it’s an honest thing to do.”“But where else do these parents go with their documents? To Rogozhin?”“Different places. I pass on jobs to Irka—that’s the translator who used to work for Ksenia. Irka left her. Ksenia probably told you about her. And I just carry the papers back and forth. It’s only recently that it’s become too much for me.”“Maybe you could get someone else to do it?”“I tried, Nin.”“Well, how did it go?”“What a nightmare! You can’t even imagine the results! There are some documents that translate through a template—I just leave them alone. There are others that are terribly important, which I do not trust anybody to do, and there are blah-blah-blah pages where it doesn’t matter. These are the pages I gave to Lenochka, our graduate student. She took them, of course, returned them in a week. By the agreed-upon deadline. And there was so much . . .”“What?”“Well, at first nothing. I read it, and everything looked fine. Then I got to the third page. And that’s when it started to . . . Here, just listen.”Yulia went over to the computer, clicked the mouse, and opened the document.“Here it is: ‘Mr. and Mrs. Garcia Lopez dreamed of having children. Their first pregnancy, however, ended in tragedy. Ms. Lopez had an abortion. After the abortion, she couldn’t get pregnant again for a long time. The couple went to a doctor, who conducted an exam. Ms. Lopez took a course of therapy and within a short while was again happily pregnant. However, this time the married couple suffered another setback: in the eighth month of pregnancy, Mrs. Lopez had another abortion.’”“Did she lose her mind?” Nina exclaimed, thinking of both the translator Lena and Mrs. Lopez herself.“That’s what I thought. I took a look at the original: Mrs. Lopez didn’t have an abortion. She had a miscarriage, the word was aborto. Lenochka messed it up. Aborto could mean either abortion or miscarriage. But listen to this! ‘The second abortion was so shocking to Mrs. Lopez that she entered into a prolonged depression. She was hospitalized at the request of her family doctor, and she received special therapy for a duration of several months. After leaving the hospital, she quickly became pregnant. This time she was put in a private clinic for maintenance of pregnancy. Mrs. Lopez spent a week on an IV drip. However, this pregnancy also ended in abortion . . .’ And Lenochka already had these documents signed and notarized! Look, the ribbon and the notary seal . . . And later that day I was supposed to give them to Irka. I was in a panic. It was two o’clock in the morning. I called Lenochka’s phone, and she didn’t pick up. She had turned it off for the night!”“How did you get it straightened out?”“Well, I detached the translation from the original and pulled out the notary ribbon with a crochet hook. And then I was pounding away at the keyboard all night. She forgot to send me the electronic version! I was sitting there until dawn, working on it. Since then, I’ve pretty much been too scared to pass work on to anybody else. To be honest, Nina, I would have happily given it to you . . .”“I wouldn’t mind,” Nina said, smiling.“I know. But I didn’t want to rope you into it that time. I thought, it’s better for Nina to spend her time on her Salvador Dalí stuff.”“What about now?”“These sorts of papers will fly at you by themselves now, you’ll see . . .”“How could that be?” Nina was surprised. “I’ve only been out there the one time, for a change of pace.”“A change of pace.” Yulia sighed. “You understand, Nin, there’s something about this work that’s . . . diabolical, somehow. If a person stands next to it even one time, that’s it: she can never break free.”“Are you serious?”“I’m just being honest. Take me, for example. You heard how I started! You could write a horror novel about this whole affair. One day this Irka asked me to go to the consulate and get permission for a certain baby to enter Spain. I had never before worked with her. Irka urgently needed this piece of paper, and she couldn’t get it herself—she was lying in bed with a temperature. So I went. The Spanish official there had a face just like a wolf. He had yellow eyes! We were looking at each other through three barriers: my glasses, the safety glass of the window, then his glasses. Even then, it was still scary. He says, ‘What is your reason for coming to us? What brings you?’ I answered him in such a naive tone—something about how I had permission to take it, I knew the surname of the child. ‘What are you,’ he said, ‘a newcomer?’ He asked me directly in Russian. I asked, ‘What do you mean by newcomer? A sick person had asked me for help, I took her place and ran an errand. Just give me the piece of paper, and I will go about my business.’ He took out an envelope and gave it to me through the little window. And he bored into me with those eyes and then suddenly said, ‘Today you’ve come for permission, but it’s only the beginning. Remember this: you have been thrust into the swamp. When the claw is stuck, the whole bird is pulled into the abyss . . . ’”“Wow, what would that be in Spanish?” Nina perked up. Just a few hours before she had heard those very words from Ksenia.“I have no idea what it would be in Spanish, that’s not the point. I don’t think it was the yellow-eyed official who said it to me. But he most surely had it in his head. So basically, I head out of the consulate. It’s freezing outside, people are rushing past. I hurry myself toward the metro, Barrikadnaya Station. From there you have to cross the Garden Ring beltway. The light turned green, I was just about to go, and suddenly I felt someone watching me. I know, I’m overly sensitive, but just then my heart went cold. I turned my head. I looked, and there, twenty meters away, was the guy with the wolf eyes. He walked past me, looked me over one last time, and then disappeared into the crowd. And suddenly I had this thought in my head: it’s an omen! I drove the thought away. I didn’t want to be superstitious. I thought to myself: The workday is over, that man is going home after work, it doesn’t have anything to do with you. But there’s such a strange feeling, you know, that stays with you. As if he had given me the evil eye.”They were silent.“Here I am sitting up at night for the second year now. I tried doing something other than the documents a few times. I’ve been the driver to the Spanish embassy. I also did the walking tours around Moscow. I did the airport pickup, too. And every time it’s the same sob story. They’ve been dreaming about having a daughter their whole lives. They arrive crying from happiness. They say, ‘Our future daughter is such a delight! Her name will be Nikita!’ Long story short, they’re given a boy instead of a girl. It’s a big scandal, and the woman is in hysterics . . .”“Well, did they take home their Nikita?”“They took him. Where were they going to hide? Then another family adopted a boy who turned out to be autistic. They didn’t say anything about it to them at the children’s home—they don’t give this diagnosis to small children. By the way, this was the same home where you went. The home in Rogozhin.”“Is it possible the staff didn’t know anything?”“I think they knew. It was apparent that the child wasn’t right. Not just unsociable but painfully withdrawn. He also had a face that was . . . unusual.”“What about at the meeting? Did they not get to see him?”“That’s the funny thing: at their first meeting, his behavior was completely normal. Then the doctor at the children’s home acknowledged that they were the first people the child had ever engaged with. It was as if he knew he had to be on his best behavior! The truth wasn’t discovered until later in Barcelona. They were writing to me, but the letters dropped off. They asked me to find out whether the child had experienced an early trauma.”“What did you find out?”“The case was archived, nobody knows anything. Or they were just too lazy to pull it from the archive. Or maybe everybody knew, but they wouldn’t say.”“So how is it going with the boy? There’s no cure for autism, as far as I know.”“They hope for the best. They take him to doctors. They have a psychologist working with him. He can’t go to school, and he almost never leaves the house. It’s such a blight on my conscience!”“You blame yourself?”“I don’t really blame myself, because who would have thought? Another time this Spanish woman, one of the future mothers, fell off a swing and broke her jaw. Imagine, alone in a foreign country. She sat on one of those crazy swings for some reason. She called me on my cell phone. It was a nightmare! I was busy with her the whole week! And that was when I needed to turn in an article so I could go to Spain over the summer. I was late with the article and didn’t get to go. And the main thing is, you know, Nin . . .” Yulia hesitated.“What?”“I feel like the worst is still ahead of me.”“What do you mean?”“Well, the sign, the evil eye. It’s still with me. Something else bad is still going to happen.”I’m not going to be like her, Nina thought as she stepped outside Yulia’s building. Omens, the evil eye. All that diabolical talk . . .It was late, the crew hanging around in Yulia’s entrance had dispersed, and the snow was littered with sunflower-seed hulls.Nina didn’t wait for the tram and instead set out on foot, hoping to hail a car along the way. But the street was deserted. I’ll do this job for a little while, just for the experience, and then I’ll give it up, Nina decided. It’s not heroin, after all. I won’t get hooked on it!An old Lada-5 slowed down for her. Nina had a seat next to the driver, gave him her address, and sped home on the familiar streets.It wasn’t until the next morning that she remembered she hadn’t called Max. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The next trip to Rogozhin took place two weeks later.This time Nina saw another children’s home, this one with orphans from five to sixteen years old.At the department, Nina was greeted with courtesy: her Moscow facial expressions were no longer offensive to the delicate sensibilities of the Rogozhin functionaries. The menacing Valkyrie who attacked her passport became a good-natured guinea pig, made up in rich chestnut hues and as snuggly fitted as the maroon-velveted footman of Cinderella’s coach. Her tiny paw had sharp claws, and one of them had a narrow wedding ring that gleamed modestly.Her name was cozy and domestic as well: Lyudmila Dmitrievna.Nina got directions and headed out near the border of the province, to a village covered with undulating waves of snow, about a hundred kilometers from Rogozhin. Ksenia refused to go—her eyes ached from the glittering snow and the blinding sun—and Nina rode with a driver by the name of Vitya in a Barguzin-model van that was white and smooth, like sweet ice cream. Kirill had hired this Vitya especially for Ksenia’s side trips and allocated funds for it, but Ksenia tended to drive herself and keep the money. At that point Nina hadn’t realized that Vitya was destined to become the ambassador for all adoption in Rogozhin. The effect he had on the Spanish couples eclipsed quiet interpreter Nina and efficient Ksenia, whom the clients rarely saw and mistakenly called “the lawyer,” an error she never corrected or laughed about. Vitya was so strong and handsome that when they saw him for the first time, even the most nervous were instantly calmed. He was like a liberating warrior on a military poster. Some of those moments made Nina slightly embarrassed.“That Vitya is so handsome,” Ksenia said that evening. “I used to think about it, like, what if I got together with him?”“Did he hint at it?”“Any number of times. We both stayed in the hotel for a long time, spent entire days together. And then, I will tell you that we drove all over the area, and everything between us was . . . Grrr, I was disgusted. There is no need to mix cutlets with flies. Work is for work, and bed is for bed. Besides, he’s married. Three kids. And the main thing is, he’s a former taxi driver, our Vitya.”“So what? You think a taxi driver is . . .”“For me that isn’t a so what. I haven’t forgotten about it.”This surprised Nina. It wasn’t the first time she had heard this from Ksenia, that Vitya was not as naive as he would seem because he was a former taxi driver, and other taxi drivers were not that way.Having grown accustomed to trusting Ksenia, she thought it over carefully. But by her own observations, Vitya’s strategy boiled down to a single thing: he was very cautious with people and careful to avoid discussing anyone’s shortcomings. Nina liked this quality in a person and certainly didn’t see it as evidence of a corrupt nature.Never had Nina felt so confident with a man as she did in the front seat of the van with Vitya behind the wheel. She slept peacefully on their long-distance trips with a feeling of complete safety, like in her childhood, when her father was putting her to bed and sat beside her late into the night with a book in his hands.At the end of winter, Nina and Vitya helped Zoya Alexievna, her mother, buy the construction materials for repairs—boards, several sheets of metal roofing, and a roll of insulation. He spent a long time choosing meticulously, and that same day he drove to their dacha.“How much do I owe you?” Zoya Alexievna asked only after Vitya had unloaded the building materials, set them carefully on the terrace, and was refreshing himself with tea and sandwiches as he prepared to return to Moscow.“You don’t need to pay me anything,” said Vitya.“I have to. You should be compensated for your time.”“I won’t take a single kopeck,” Vitya said sternly, getting back in the van and putting the key in the ignition.“At least take money for gas!”“I won’t take any money for gas. Nina and I are colleagues, why should we keep score?”And with that, he drove off.“That is a true gentleman, noble and intelligent,” said her mother. “With one like that, you will never get lost.”From her mouth, that was the loftiest of praise.Nina agreed.Over time, however, she discovered a number of things that, try as she might, she couldn’t explain. As she saw it, there were incompatible things that coexisted within Vitya’s character.He was able to admire beauty from his soul—the fields that extended to the horizon, a stormy downpour in June, the autumn forest dotted with the magenta and yellow of dying leaves, the emerald haze of spring in the birch groves, and the old, crumbling city center of Rogozhin.“They’ve got the fall harvest out!” Vitya once exclaimed in delight. “Every roadside stand we pass looks better than the one before it! And the honey mushrooms, such beautiful honey mushrooms! Oh, how they make my soul sing! Let’s stop and buy some!”And they really did stop by the side of the road and buy a small plastic bucket full of choice September honey mushrooms, with pine needles, spiders, and slimy slugs still on them.“At the dacha, Nina, I planted watermelon this year,” Vitya confessed in an intimate voice, like he was a child starting to tell Nina a ridiculous and funny secret.“You don’t say! Did they ripen?”“They ripened, Nin, you’d better believe it. They’re small, but so sweet! They’re like sugar, these watermelons.”Vitya was capable of admiring the cherry and apple blossoms, sunflowers, and clover. He grew vegetables at his dacha, understood what to plant and when, and read special magazines.“Fir and pine,” he told Nina, “must absolutely be covered in the fall. In the winter they are cold, and in spring the sun burns them. Imagine, you’ve got flowers all around, but your pine tree is burnt.”But one time outside the notary office Nina saw a tiny red puppy, so little and comical, hobbling down the path. A bitch had whelped under a construction trailer two weeks before. Nina picked him up and held him in the palm of her hand, where the plump puppy flattened himself out like a pancake, and brought him to the car to show Vitya.“Vitya, look at this little miracle!”And then came the unexpected: a fastidious, almost disgusted grimace appeared on Vitya’s face. He gave Nina a bewildered look as she smiled with the puppy in her hand, not understanding what exactly it was he should admire.Another time they were on their way back to Moscow toward evening. They had taken the Spanish couple to their hotel and were hurrying home. Suddenly Nina saw a cat lying along the highway. The cat looked like it was napping, like a ceramic piggy bank—its paws curled up and its head lowered. It had been hit by a car—hit but not killed. Stunned by the blow, it couldn’t get off the road. It was lying there helplessly, directly in the path of traffic.“Vitya,” begged Nina. “Stop the car!”“What is it?” Vitya said, surprised.“There’s a cat. I need to get out for a second. It’s lying on the side of the road. And it’s in bad shape.”Again there was a look of disgust on his face.“To hell with it. That piece of filth did it to itself. Leave it, Nina.”He hit the gas and drove on.One time in the summer, they were meeting a plane from Barcelona at Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow. The flight was delayed. The stifling afternoon heat baked the asphalt, and the airplanes flew into the sky surrounded by a wavering, sweltering haze.Nina and Vitya sat in the airport restaurant, reading the newspaper and drinking kvas.Suddenly Nina looked up and saw unusual people in the dining area. By all indications, they were genuine orthodox Hasidic Jews. There were two older men and a younger man, and they looked as if they had just emerged from a theatrical scene, or arrived in a time machine from somewhere in the nineteenth century: long curly sidelocks, long black coats, and wide-brimmed hats. They were heading to the check-in desk—about ten minutes before it had been announced that the just-arriving plane would be continuing on to Tel Aviv.“Oh, Vitya, look! Jews with sidelocks!” Nina exclaimed. “I thought you could only see them in Jerusalem!”Vitya put his mug of kvas down on the table, set down his newspaper, and dutifully looked where Nina was looking. Then once again before her was a man she didn’t recognize, a man who was markedly different from the customary Vitya: foreign, with a face distorted by anger. It was the first and last time the typically amiable and well-mannered Vitya cursed in her presence—he cursed angrily, hoarse and stammering.“I can’t tell you how much I hate those bastards!”“For what?” Nina wanted to ask, but she restrained herself. It was such a fierce, centuries-old hatred that had hardened on Vitya’s handsome and amiable face.“I told you,” replied Ksenia, like it was nothing, after listening to Nina’s story. “Once a taxi driver, always a taxi driver. Why are you so surprised?”But Nina was still surprised.Later, when her life began to change rapidly and irreversibly, when everything that was destined to happen happened, she often thought about that time back at the beginning, when she first saw in Vitya how good and evil were unfathomably and hopelessly mixed up in the world, so much so that they were impossible to separate. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Vitya unfolded the worn map of the province and spread it out on his knees to plot their route. First they would travel on the highway, then they would turn down a straight and narrow path along which tiny villages were scattered like cranberries. They would go to the fork in the road, where they would take a right to get to the village, where there was a children’s home.They were on the road for half a day.At first they made a mistake and went right past the turn they needed among the uniformly level, uniformly white fields without a single memorable landmark. They could hardly even move on the back road, and an entire snowbank had accumulated on the hood, which the wind was whirling into snowy crests. Nina fell asleep, and she had a dream that they were driving around and down, as though they were in a spiral.They arrived at their destination around two o’clock in the afternoon, but they couldn’t find the children’s home. They asked the residents who were out and about, but those people had a hard time explaining where the children’s home was in their small village, pointing them in the wrong direction. They finally found the remote street lined with snow-covered houses, the wheels of the van almost getting stuck in the snowdrifts on the narrow path that hadn’t been plowed in a long time.The Konkovo children’s home resembled a rural hospital or police station: a two-story gray brick building with a snow-covered yard. Children poured out of the building to see them. To Nina’s surprise, two girls around twelve ran out to the car, their eyes bright, chattering fluently in Spanish. She learned later that some of the children from the home had been invited to Spain for their summer vacation. They visited every summer, year after year. Some would be adopted sooner or later, others would never be adopted. After learning Spanish, swimming in the sea, and bonding painfully with another family, the children returned to Russia, to the tiny village of Konkovo, forsaken by God among the fields.Nina looked around with curiosity. After the home in Rogozhin with its hospital tiles, lab coats, and screaming infants, everything here seemed large, spacious, and echoing. The hallway was empty, and the voices bounced off the walls, as though there was a gymnasium nearby. The blue oil paint was reminiscent of a school, but this was an eternal school, where the children were brought once and never got to leave.Two rows of identical beds were set up in the girls’ bedroom, and the sun cast squares of light on the bedspreads and floor. It wasn’t cold outside; the gentle snowy winter that had come on Nina’s first trip to Rogozhin had taken root and was standing still. But the thermometer on the wall showed a comfortable seventeen degrees.Clara, the future adoptive parent, was a thoroughly domestic-looking, chubby blonde. She could have been a model of a central Russian woman. “I know,” she said and chortled deeply, which sent waves across her belly, chest, and shoulders. “I know I look Russian. People always tell me. I’m not, but I love Russia! And now I’ll have a Russian daughter!”In the case file, Nina read that Clara had never been married. She worked for the municipality of her Spanish town, for some local organization that protected women who were victims of domestic violence.“Tell me,” she asked Clara as they were grabbing breakfast in a café before leaving Rogozhin, “do you really have so many women who are abused so often, they have to join a special community?”“They’re abused constantly,” Clara said with a frown. “At home, at work, as they’re walking down the street. The newspapers write about it! We organized a grassroots committee: if someone touches you, that’s where you run.”“And they come?”“Oh yes,” exclaimed Clara. “And oh, how they come! They’re too ashamed to go to the police, especially if they don’t work or it was their own husband. They’re afraid. So we help them. We have psychologists, lawyers. Does Russia have this problem?”It probably does happen, Nina thought. But for some reason nobody says much about it.“Oh, you have everything we have! You probably don’t even know how many women are suffering around you in your community.”“Oh, we know,” Nina said honestly. “We have an expression that goes, If he beats her, it means he loves her . . . That was a joke,” she added, blushing when she saw the look on Clara’s face.“A joke?” growled the woman, like a boiling samovar.Nina was unhappy she’d gotten herself into such a slippery conversation.Sveta from the Konkovo children’s home, Clara’s future daughter, appeared to be a big, physically developed country girl. She looked older than six by Nina’s estimate. Long legs, knobby knees, a pug nose, and large freckles that looked like birthmarks.“Hello, Svetlana,” Nina said. “This woman came to meet you.”“What did she bring me?”“We’ll see soon,” Nina said encouragingly. “But she definitely brought you something.”Soon the girl had in her hands a doll in a brightly colored evening gown and a set of children’s cosmetics. The rustling blue giftwrap smelled of soap. Nina had never seen such a thing: eye shadow, lipstick, and blush in a little plastic box, almost identical to “adult” cosmetics.The doll had narrow hips and long legs, and her cleavage was visible above the low neckline of her dress. Sveta turned her over in her hands, examining her critically on all sides, lifting up her skirt and checking to see if she had underwear.“Marinka has one of these dolls. Some Italians gave it to her.”She set aside the doll and opened the beauty kit, examined herself briefly in the mirror, and hastily put on lipstick. She wiped her finger on a napkin Clara promptly offered, then dipped her finger in the purple eye shadow and smeared it on her eyelids.“Now, that’s better,” she said with satisfaction as she closed the cover.The lipstick and eye shadow made Sveta looked disturbingly adult.“Talk to her,” Clara insisted. “With you she has the opportunity to tell her story: how she got here, what her life was like before. All of this will be helpful for us later. Sveta is already a big girl. She has her own biography. I don’t want her to forget her homeland. And I will try to help her keep her Russian language. I think that’s very important.”“I do have a mama.” The girl looked at Nina like she was challenging her. “My mama didn’t give me up. I know this lady wants to take me to Spain. But my mama loves me. She’s good, kind. Only she lives far away and can’t come see me. Her house is in the village called Dubki. It’s near Ostapovo, do you know it? In the winter it’s hard to walk here, but in the summer she can get here by bus.”Nina wasn’t sure if she should translate all this. Clara made silent gestures at her, raising her eyebrows in question, and Nina prudently decided to hush up the matter.“She doesn’t remember anything. She says she was left alone a lot and hardly had anything to eat . . .”“No, that will not do,” Clara said, taking offense. “We need to find out as much as possible. If Sveta doesn’t want to talk we’ll ask the director, and I’ll write everything down.”“Why do you need to write it down?” Nina asked gently.“How can you ask why?” Clara threw her arms up in shock. “When Svetlana grows up, she will want to know everything—where she’s from, what her family was like. I’ll keep my trip report for her. Maybe she and I will come back to Russia and track down her relatives. It’s her legal right to know as much as possible about her past. We can’t violate her rights.”That’s silly, Nina thought in annoyance. What do you need to know about her relatives? Are you worried about what they look like?The children’s home doctor, a tiny, skittish woman in a lab coat, said Sveta had shown up at the children’s home not that long before. The mother was in prison: she’d stabbed her husband, Sveta’s father. Their daughter was present during the murder and saw everything.The doctor said good-bye to Clara, then motioned to Nina to go out into the hallway.“You should understand what’s going on here,” she began in a low voice. “I still don’t know whether we should talk about this with the foreigners or if it’s better not to. You should decide for yourself. The truth is that before she came to our children’s home, Sveta was raped by somebody. She doesn’t ever talk to us about it, and we don’t ask. What good would it do to traumatize the child again? It’s not uncommon that children like this are brought to us. They’re raped by their fathers, stepfathers, visitors . . . They’re drunk, as a rule.”Nina went cold.“How did they find out?”She did some quick calculations in her mind: Sveta was now six, she had been in the children’s home for half a year, and before that she had been in a rehabilitation center. So that meant it happened when she was five years old, or earlier.“By accident. Sveta had cystitis. The doctor examined her and noticed her hymen was not intact.”“And you reported it to the police? It’s a criminal offense, after all. Aren’t you concerned about the fact that there’s a maniac living in Dubki who rapes girls?”“Think about what you’re saying, my dear.” The doctor shook her little gray head. “Who would they find now? Her father died, her mother is in jail. Dubki is far away. It’s a tiny village of just a few houses, and Sveta was the only child there. Nobody gave any statements, there were no suspects. Think about it. And really,” she added, “you can’t even begin to imagine what sorts of things go on in our drunken villages. Yes, my dear, children get raped. All sorts of things happen. The adult resents the child, and she can’t complain to anyone. She’s hurt and ashamed, she admits it all to her mother, and for that she gets a beating for causing trouble. So it’s her own fault. You see, the papa is a drunk, she stays away from him. And it’s even worse if the rapist is the mother’s lover. The mother won’t come out with it because her husband would find out. If it’s a cohabitant who’s guilty, you can make sense of her reticence as well: a woman won’t risk losing him because she’s afraid to be alone.” The doctor sighed. “You need to consult with someone else about how this should be explained to the foreigner. You cannot make a mistake here. This is a complicated situation.”Left alone in the hallway, Nina immediately called Ksenia.“If you tell the truth, she’ll refuse to take her,” was Ksenia’s stance on the situation. “And if you don’t tell her, she’ll find out on her own. It will be a few years before a gynecologist will look at her. Or maybe nobody will ever find out about it. You just better not say anything.”“How can I not say anything? This is very important!”“The only important thing is that she takes the child. Do the right thing.”Sveta was taken away in the midafternoon, and Nina and Clara stayed in the room by themselves. Clara listened in silence as Nina told her. Nina came to realize that Clara was on her way to becoming an old spinster, and she needed to feel like everything was in order, so to speak. The girl may suddenly become repugnant to her, she’s horrified by it, thought Nina. God, why did I tell her? I didn’t need to. Ksenia was right.“But, Clara!” Nina exclaimed, wanting to fix her mistake any way she could, as quickly as possible. “This isn’t so awful. Don’t worry. They have a special plastic surgery now that can restore a girl’s virginity. Sveta doesn’t even have to say anything about it. You go to the doctor, and they’ll quietly stitch her up. She also had cystitis. You can tell her that’s why she needs to have the surgery.”Clara didn’t answer. She looked out the window at the titmice congregated on the ledge, where a feeder full of bread crusts was hung. There were lemon-yellow puddles of sun on the carpet and the walls. They could hear children squealing as they were taken for a walk outside. The box from Sveta’s doll was lying on the floor nearby—it was long and narrow, as though it was meant to hold a rocket rather than a doll.Clara didn’t say anything as they put their coats on and went out into the yard. Then they said their good-byes to the children spilling out onto the porch, who watched them for a long time and waved. “Come back, lady! Take me to Spain, too!” a big-eared boy yelled brazenly at Nina, showing the blank space in his mouth where his front teeth should have been. He didn’t have a cap on, and his shaved head was covered with scars smeared with green ointment. Nina laughed in response and waved at him, pressing her forehead against the steamy side window until the van turned away from the porch and went out the gate. They were careful not to get stuck as they made their way through the snow-covered village, meandering through the labyrinth of white roads, looking for the way back to the Moscow highway. Clara was silent, and Nina was afraid to speak first.The court date took place two and a half months later—Clara gathered the necessary papers, and Sveta was driven to Rogozhin for the mandatory precourt medical examination. Then everybody took their cut—the officer of guardianship, the director of the children’s home. Without them, it was impossible to adopt the child.In the courtroom, Sveta showed Nina quite a different girl from the one she had been in the children’s home. They had gotten her dressed beforehand in jeans from Spain, a bright sweater, and white sneakers, so that now before Nina sat quite the mothered child. A first grader, her mother’s daughter.At the court appearance, there was a hitch: Sveta refused to talk. She rubbed her freckled nose, blinked, and kept quiet.“Will you go with your new mama to Spain? Or do you think you’ll miss Russia?”There was an awkward pause. The judge gave Nina a look of confusion. In the corridor there were sounds of someone walking, and the shove of a door, as if someone had used a shoulder to push on it. It wouldn’t be much longer before the silence became unbearable. Without the consent of the child, the court didn’t have the legal right to grant recognition for the adoption.“She’s just shy” was the assessment of the education department official, and the entire courtroom was visibly relieved. “It’s nothing, it’s nothing. She can’t possibly be remembering her mama. She’s been getting ready to go to Spain every day. She kept asking if it was time yet. I told her on the way, ‘You get to fly in an airplane, and then you get the ocean, dolls, and plenty of bananas.’ And she was so happy, you wouldn’t believe it.”In Moscow, as they were saying their good-byes in the hotel lobby, Sveta sat silently while Nina stroked her fine hair, which was the color of dry grass.“You behave yourself,” she said sternly. “Listen to your mama, you got that?”Sveta looked at her intently, like she was angry.“You’re leaving?” She gripped Nina’s hand. “Don’t go.”“What on earth?” Nina was frightened. “It’s late, it’s time for me to go home. Clara is your mama now. Listen to her, don’t be rude. Soon you’ll be on a plane, heading for Spain to see your new dolls. You understand?”“Don’t leave me, pleeease,” Sveta wailed for the whole lobby to hear. “My mama is you, not that nasty lady. You’re my mama, I want to come live with you. I waited for you, I’ll go to Spain with you. Don’t leave meee!”“Shh, shh,” Nina whispered, horrified. “Please, quiet down.”She was truly scared. The reception clerks and security guards gave them questioning looks. A flock of elderly Italian tourists at the bar fell silent and turned their heads. Everyone was curious. It was a scene cast in silence.“Listen,” Nina said to Sveta, “you know my number?”“I know it.”“Look, I’ll write it down. It’s my cell phone. I have it with me all the time—it’s right here in my pocket. You can always—listen, always, any time of day or night—you can always call me. When I’m here, and when I come to Spain, understand? Don’t lose it, okay?”“I got it,” Svetlana sighed, still not letting go of Nina’s hand. “And you’ll come see me?”“Of course,” said Nina. “Summer is coming, and I’m definitely going there. So, then, it’s time for you to go. Bye, Sveta.”Nina leaned over and kissed Sveta on her cheek, which was wet with tears.The girl ran to Clara at the elevator. Nina went outside and trudged to the metro.Sveta didn’t even call once—not from the hotel and not when she got to Spain. Nina guessed that everything was as it should be, but she was still worried all the same. She thought about calling Sveta, but then she didn’t end up doing it. At first she didn’t want to distract Sveta from her new family life, and then she kept planning a day to do it and each time got sidetracked by other matters. By the time she remembered in the evening, it was always too late to call.Nina finally called Clara’s number in Spain at the end of that summer.“Oh, Nina! It’s wonderful that you called.” Clara sounded happy.“How’s Sveta?”“Excellent,” the chubby woman gushed. “She chatters nonstop in Spanish. We were at the seaside for all of July, and in the autumn she’s starting school. Just wait, I’ll get her right now, and she can tell you all about it.”Nina heard a child’s voice. It was something: she really had taken right to Spanish.“Hi!” Nina said in Russian, when Sveta picked up the phone. “How are you?”The line was silent, and a few seconds later went to a dial tone. Nina quickly hit redial.“We got disconnected,” she explained to Clara.Sveta’s roar of despair could be heard coming from somewhere on the other side of the house.“She heard you speaking Russian, hung up the phone, and ran off,” Clara said apologetically. “She’s hiding in my room and crying, if you can believe it.”“Is she afraid of something?”“You won’t believe this. She’s afraid you’re going to take her back to Russia. The Russian language is a symbol of everything that used to be her life right now. I’m sorry, Nina, I can’t talk to you right now. I need to go comfort her. You should call us again later, at another time, okay?”Nina didn’t call again. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] As he would soon demonstrate, Kirill, Ksenia’s old acquaintance, was an extremely unorthodox man. He very much wanted to meet with Nina in private. Nina, an impoverished interpreter with little work experience, on whom not a single thing depended. This happened between the chubby woman Clara’s two visits—the first to get acquainted with Sveta, and the second for the court appearance.On the appointed day, Nina climbed three flights of stairs with the feeling that she was going to an audition. She had this idea that he wouldn’t accept her, like a drama school hopeful or actress trying out for a role. Why Kirill felt it necessary to get personally acquainted with her, even Ksenia couldn’t really explain.As Ksenia described him, Kirill was obsessed with his delusions of persecution. He didn’t trust anybody, kept a constant eye on all his acquaintances, and at the same time monitored the contacts and communications between these acquaintances. He never invited anybody to his apartment, with its security, fireplace, air-conditioning, and safe—Ksenia had been there only once, as a friend from childhood.Kirill was scared of Moscow. He changed hats when he was on the street, keeping a spare in his bag so he could confuse the trail of anyone who happened to be following him and get lost in a crowd on the street. “Does he really have people following him?” Nina asked doubtfully. Ksenia shrugged.Kirill was pathologically squeamish. On public transportation, which he had the occasional need for, he never sat down. He avoided cafés and restaurants whenever possible. If he did happen to dine in the city, he carefully wiped his fork and spoon—first with a napkin, then with his handkerchief. He sterilized all the new things he bought in expensive stores with hot water.The meeting was arranged at Ksenia’s apartment.It was the eve of International Women’s Day, the eighth of March. Nina slipped quietly out of the faculty reception, having stuck her gifted daffodils in a public vase full of colorful bouquets.Mimosas with crumpled petals were for sale on every corner, which they unloaded by the bundle from cardboard boxes, and in the shops and stalls, shoppers were eagerly snatching up cheap perfume and candy. Passersby were smiling and rosy cheeked, like they’d had a few drinks. The day was wintry, as if it wasn’t March on the calendar but the end of December. Curly tropical patterns blossomed on the tram windows, and an ice rink had taken over the sidewalk; Nina was surprised at herself when she took off running, arms outstretched, sliding to the end of the icy black track and merrily jumping onto the trampled snow.It didn’t smell like spring. Her hands were freezing and red without gloves, and it only got to be like spring later on, when evening came.Kirill showed up precisely at the appointed hour. He was an average guy in his forties. Gray eyes, dark blond buzz cut, the suit of a municipal employee, a long beige coat, and a flannel scarf. Only the watch on his wrist gave away the true state of his affairs—it was expensive and heavy, on a wide gold band. He otherwise appeared to be a typical businessman, the kind you come across a lot in Moscow, and Nina couldn’t reconcile his discreet, businesslike appearance with Ksenia’s strange stories. He had been businesslike about ringing the doorbell as well, too businesslike—short and curt.In honor of the holiday occasion, Kirill brought a big bouquet of roses and handed it to Ksenia. There was only one bouquet, even though the women he was coming to see—and he knew this very well—were two.“Oh yes, his gift! Let me tell you, he’s just like this—the reason he got me flowers and not you isn’t that he’s a typical absentminded male.” Ksenia was amused that Nina took offense about the flowers the next day. “If he brings you a bouquet, it means he needs something. That’s very much the way he is: he makes an offering, and then you bust your skull for a week.”Kirill scrutinized Ksenia’s one-room apartment when he came in, as though he was the first one to get there.“I think Ksenia has already set you in the swing of things,” he began, sitting on the couch by the coffee table and picking up his cup.He looked closely at his new interpreter, almost glowering at her. Nina cringed beneath his gaze, as though this man sitting before her was a vampire.“Yes, more or less.”“Are you familiar with our work?”“Generally speaking,” Nina said timidly, sensing intrigue.“Have you worked with any other stakeholders?”The question had an unexpected resonance.“No, I’ve never worked in adoptions before this.”“You haven’t worked in independent adoptions, is what you’re telling me,” Kirill said helpfully. “Maybe you worked in an agency?”“I haven’t worked in an agency, either.”“Do you know of a man by the name of Vadim?”“I’ve never heard of any Vadim.”“What about an Evelina?”“I’m not familiar with an Evelina.”The interrogation was beginning to bore Nina.“How much would you like to receive every month? I mean, an amount in euros.”Nina was confused. She mumbled something unintelligible, like a student who was handed an exam question she hadn’t studied for.“Um . . . I haven’t really thought about it.”“I have received positive feedback about you. You’ve made a pretty good start. Over time, your duties will broaden somewhat. Ksenia will give you information, and you will translate it and e-mail it to Spain. Or vice versa: we may need you to translate something into Russian and give it to Ksenia. This is the work we’ll be paying you for. How much money do you want?”“I need to consult with someone about this,” Nina mumbled.She had already finished her coffee, but she still absently brought the empty cup to her mouth. Her mouth filled with the nasty, bitter taste of coffee grounds.“You must not consult with anyone! I will offer you five hundred euros per month. The work is very simple: receive the data, translate it, and send it on. Five hundred—that’s just a base salary. We will add to that for trips to Rogozhin, visits to the embassies, and document translations.”The sum seemed astronomical to Nina.“I agree to that,” Nina mumbled.Then Kirill shifted to Ksenia, as if he had forgotten about Nina. For a while they had a leisurely discussion about Rogozhin officials, referring to them by unfamiliar names. Nina listened idly. Suddenly Kirill turned back to Nina, carefully watching for her reaction.“You don’t have a voice recorder, do you?”Nina was dumbfounded. Now this strange man was asking her to turn her pockets inside out and shake out the contents of her purse. Or maybe he was joking?But Kirill wasn’t making a joke. He was quite serious.“Now, uh . . . Nina. You are now on our staff. You must obey our requirements and conditions.”“What are the requirements and conditions?”“First of all, you must always remember this: none of what you see or hear can ever be shared with any third parties. And second, you only have the right to work with us, nobody else.”“But I do work,” said Nina. “I teach classes at the university. Is that not allowed?”“Your day job doesn’t count,” Kirill responded. “I mean work in international adoptions. From now on, you do not have the right to cooperate with any other intermediaries or agencies.”“I won’t,” Nina agreed. “I won’t have anything to do with them at all.”“That’s excellent. So, today, we are entering into an oral contract. I must stress that this is an oral contract, because we do not put anything in writing as a rule. Everything stays between us. We keep no records.“Oh, and one more thing,” he added when Nina had already put her coat on in the hall. Kirill was staying with Ksenia; after Nina left they had something else to discuss. “We never talk about money. Not on a cell phone, not on a home phone. Never. Remember, everything is bugged.”After leaving Ksenia’s, Nina walked slowly to the end of the street. She didn’t feel like going down in the metro. The emotional stress that arose during that unpleasant conversation hadn’t passed, but she couldn’t explain to herself why exactly it bothered her so much. Everything is fine. She tried to calm herself. Everything is very good. But the foreboding wouldn’t leave her.Then Nina remembered they never tried the expensive cake she and Ksenia bought at a confectionery for the holiday, and she felt childlike disappointment.She trudged past the metro, past the boxes of mimosas and the first frostbitten tulips, and went in the chocolate shop. She sat at a table by the window and ordered the most expensive dessert on the menu. Now all of this was accessible, including the iced coffee with liqueur and thick whipped foam and multilayered ice cream with berries in a little glass bowl. She was now Kirill’s personal agent. From head to toe, at all times.It was getting dark outside. There was a light, fluffy snow falling. It was rush hour, and the cars along the avenue were stretched out in a river of burning lights.Her phone rang. Max.“Are you coming?”“Absolutely! I just now finished up some business, and I’m heading over to see you.”“What was the business you had there?”“Oh, all kinds of nonsense.” Nina laughed.The check came. It was no small sum, but Kirill had paid her an advance the hour before. She took out a few bills and put them in the folder with the check.Kirill’s promise of money brought new sensations. Nina felt heavy, as if someone was touching her shoulders and gently pressing down. Her body responded to the pressure of these invisible hands with a feeling of discomfort. Strange, she thought. Her shoulders ached, as if she was wearing a heavy backpack. Could the promise of money have weight?She remembered how once, during her internship in Barcelona, she found herself out of money. That summer, Nina and a few other students from Moscow were paid a stipend at the beginning of the month, but before the end of the month, despite the strictest economizing, the money ran out. The night before she left, Nina set out for a walk around the city. She decided to walk the entire city center, neighborhood by neighborhood, as her farewell to Barcelona. And suddenly she felt lightness. She hadn’t experienced anything like it in her four weeks of life in Barcelona, and now she was strolling the city as if she was being carried by a strong, warm current of air—from street to street, from square to square. Las Ramblas, as usual, had the smell of flowers that had begun to rot, canaries chirping in cages, noise coming from La Boqueria market. The September sun was warm—and it seemed like all this everyday city noise, this street life, had never been so pleasing to her as it was that day. Everything was fascinating as she moved further and further into the older neighborhoods, her silk skirt flying in the wind. Gulls were screaming behind the houses somewhere, and she could smell the sea. After that she didn’t need anything from this world. She just loved it and said her good-byes to it. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] It’s money, Nina mused as she left the chocolate shop. It turns out my whole life I’ve only been thinking about money. Good lord, I’m fixated on it. You’d be surprised to find out what I want out of life is something completely different.But really, Nina didn’t know what she wanted from life. She hadn’t thought about it seriously or for very long. The majority of people don’t.She just lived, and she very much liked being alive, that’s all.And now she questioned herself, as if she was peering into her own soul.In lieu of an answer, there was a memory.The heat of afternoon, August, after her vacation. No one else had returned to Moscow; Nina was the first. A reddish Crimean tan covered her entire body evenly and was gently peeling, as though Nina had forgotten to wash off the sea salt, and her hair was bleached almost white. Her body remembered the rocking of the sea and had almost forgotten the city. She went out for a walk—there was nothing to do at home. She missed running wild for a month by the seaside. The city felt foreign to her, like it did in childhood, as if she’d grown up among rocks and pine trees. Or maybe it was because Moscow’s dry heat had lessened, and the city felt crowded with all the dusty foliage.There were hardly any people on the streets around the city center. The light of the midday sun fell steeply like white arrows. The skies were empty and clear; blackness was lurking somewhere in the depths of the azure. A summer café, plastic tables, and a dirty mongrel wandering around them, half-mad from the heat. Poor thing, it needs a drink, Nina thought. We should give it some water. The dog wandered past her. She didn’t know where to get any water and couldn’t do anything to help it.She was overtaken by an acute, almost painful feeling of emptiness. This sort of thing had happened before, every time in the summer—it was why, ever since childhood, Nina never liked going on vacation. Life lives itself in the winter, almost effortlessly. Nina lived simply by passing through experiences, like water through a pipe. She read what she was advised to read and thought what it was proposed she think. She lived as others demanded she live. And now, under this merciless sky and the hot August sun, there was nothing to fill the void, and she was ready to run anywhere just to escape the emptiness. She made a mental note of all the friends and acquaintances who were still in Moscow or had recently returned, people she could call and visit in these slow, sunny days left before September. She was annoyed when she realized she only wanted to meet with all these people to get rid of her loneliness, not out of some urgent desire to see any of them.Rhythmic music was coming from a kiosk selling cassettes, though it didn’t fit with the still air of the deserted streets. The music was trying to trick Nina, to occupy her mind and fill it for a few minutes. The vendor looked about twenty-five years old—he peered out from the kiosk with his dark hair plastered to his temples. Nina looked at him thoughtfully. He’s so young and handsome, I wonder where he’s from. The vendor was trying to catch Nina’s attention as well, and her attention was drawn to him, but Nina didn’t surrender. It was as though she had caught a lizard and was holding it in her hand, and his whole body was twisting, trying to break free. Nina listened intently to her own emptiness, like a doctor holding his fingers on a patient’s pulse to count the heartbeats. She refused to take her fingers off the bluish, pulsing vein, and she was not going to allow the vendor any of her attention. Otherwise the moment would have been lost, and she wouldn’t have learned anything new about herself.Nina waited patiently for what would happen next. It didn’t matter if it was worse than the way it was now. She needed to control herself and not respond to distractions. And then something happened.Nina walked down the street without turning. A sidewalk sweeper was creeping along the sidewalk, stirring up a cloud of dust behind. Nina opened the first available door to escape the dust. It was a metaphysical shop—there were quite a few of them in Moscow—filled with the smells of Indian spices and the sounds of ethnic music. The combination stirred something in Nina. She walked up to the counter and picked up a book without thinking, without noticing the title or the author. It was the cover design that attracted Nina’s attention: a blue background, gold stars, and a hand holding out a mix of various things—a seashell, a dead beetle, a dried moth, a hazelnut, gooseberries, chamomile and clover flowers, a small key of the kind that opens suitcases, a safety pin, a needle and thread, and a stubby pencil. These items filled the entire surface of the hand’s palm, so that nothing else could fit in it. This picture produced an almost physical sensation of abundance and fullness in Nina, and before she opened the book and read the text inside, Nina spent several minutes contemplating the cover, trying to gauge how best to arrange the items in order to achieve the greatest harmony. For example, they could be divided into man-made and natural, or organized by shape—all the round things together, all the oblong things together . . .The flute was playing. Cheap Chinese trinkets hanging from invisible threads swayed above the counter.The longer Nina examined the picture, the more substantial and significant it seemed to her.She soon understood—and this realization came as a momentary insight—that what was important about the picture was not the purpose or combination of the random objects, nor how they were similar or different. The important thing was the hand itself: it was narrow, light in color. The depiction was very realistic—the lines on the undersides of the fingers, the tips of the nails. It wasn’t clear who the hand belonged to or what it was doing—giving, receiving, or just bearing the weight of all this useless old junk, the way planet Earth carries the oceans and the continents.Nina examined the cover with fascination. Something vague made its way to her through the melancholy and fear of being alone, some very important new kind of understanding. A person seeks to fill her whole life, Nina thought. It’s the only thing possible in the world. Things just need time to reveal themselves, and then the only thing that is actually a need will appear.Nina felt like the void was slowly filling, and the pain subsided.Standing there in the winter on the icy pavement looking for a taxi, Nina recalled that summer day. The idea crossed her mind that the book in the metaphysical shop might not have even existed, and that she had actually seen it in a dream.It’s money, Nina thought again. If you really, truly wish for money from the bottom of your heart, it will come to you. But then what becomes of everything else? [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] After the chocolate shop, Nina took a taxi.Max lived near the university. He had a convenient commute home after work—Nina just had to sit on tram 39 and within ten minutes she was there. Old buildings stretched past the tram, and Nina looked at them thoughtfully. Every time she noticed something new: a turret, an attic, an oddly shaped window. What is it like to live in a room that looks out onto the world through the shape of a hexagon?Sometimes the idea crossed her mind that it wasn’t Max she was attracted to, but the familiar, simpatico, unthinking world that surrounded him. Even on that first night in the café, the membrane had burst, and being near Max felt good to her. He almost felt like family. (Again Nina was bothered by this. Again with these strange fantasies. Again inventing a stronger reality. She even used the phrase it seems much more than the phrase in fact.) No, she liked Max very much. Very much! He was smart and interesting, he related to her wonderfully—what was she waiting for? She also just happened to like the tram ride and the building as well. Was there something wrong with that?The first time she went to his apartment was a month after that first meeting.It felt very important for Nina that everything didn’t happen all at once: a month of leisurely coming together and noncommittal dates.Autumn and winter fought among themselves for a long time that year. Winter was approaching, and autumn lost its strength and sank into a snooze. Then autumn went on the offensive and winter ran away from it, taking with it the delicate, sugary crust of ice and the patches of snow. Somehow autumn had pushed back against winter so hard that she and Max saw a butterfly in one of the university parks. The butterfly fluttered over the black soil like a piece of white wool, and they watched it, fascinated, afraid to move.It was scary when Nina went to his place for the first time. She didn’t want to lose the ease and spontaneity of a friendly relationship. Her main concern was that something important might leave forever. What if she were to lose him in the process? Maybe it was better to call him back and refuse to meet him? But they had already agreed. They agreed that Max would be the photographer and Nina would be the model. A model photographed without clothes on.To Nina’s surprise, Max didn’t have any dusty photo albums at his house, those things he had admired so much that day in the café, nor did he have paper manuscripts. It was a modern studio apartment. A wide bed with a paper Ikea floor lamp next to it. There was hardly anything, for some reason. How can this be? Where are all his things? Nina wondered, looking at the almost uninhabited emptiness of the single room, its walls decorated only with black-and-white photographs. But then Max pushed on the door in the wall, and Nina could see that there were backpacks, clothes, and books in the closet.“This is really something,” said Nina. “Older apartments end up with so much junk in them. It looks like you just got here yesterday.”“I love junk,” Max exclaimed. “It’s a never-ending source of inspiration. But I only have a few things of my own, only what’s necessary. I’m always traveling. I prefer minimalism as a lifestyle. Nothing extra.”Nina walked around the room, looking closely at the pictures. Mexico: a tiny white house, not unlike an earthen cottage in Ukraine, and the desert behind it. Colombia: sprawling sycamores, fog, a bell tower. Peru: a swarthy boy with mischievous eyes looking at the camera.That’s what it is, Nina thought. In a single frame there’s a portrait of the entire country. And it’s true, there’s nothing unnecessary. Max explained that it was a special project: “Man and Country.” He was gathering many pictures, uniting them, and then assembling a personal exhibition. Nina liked the photographs, even though it seemed like she had seen them somewhere before. Henri Cartier Bresson, for example, also had a series of “country portraits.” Others did, too.A dark cloth was hung opposite the window, vaguely reminiscent of the artistic cloth of Czech photographer Jan Saudek—it was used as a background for photographs.The work took about three hours. Time sped by so fast that Nina didn’t notice when the window got quite dark. When everything was ready, they sat down to eat dinner: lamb, steamed vegetables, and red wine. Max served dinner on his colorful Iranian carpet, and they sat among the dishes on soft pillows.Nina left after that. Max kissed her good-bye on the cheek, like an old friend. There was nothing between them, nothing at all!She didn’t recognize herself in the photographs, as she had in the other ones, those very first photos in the university alley. Who was this woman with the unfamiliar face? Was she French, Italian maybe? Was it that actress Naomi Watts? No, it was only Nina—but then, what a version of herself! Her hair in the black-and-white photographs was shiny, like it had been lubricated with a special compound, and her skin shimmered. She looked alive, and warm.The new solo exhibit, which Max had spent a year preparing, opened with a portrait of Nina.The night they spent together came later.They went to his friend’s dacha together, and she loved that dacha something awful. There were no membranes with any of his people—as if she already knew them from somewhere. Even that musician, the one whose guitar playing was so lovely, the one who drank a bit too much and nearly sat down on Nina’s knee. Even he seemed familiar to her. And the girl she talked to about medieval Catalonia. They would have talked until morning if Max had not come to lead Nina off to bed. This girl could have turned up in other parts of Nina’s life: in her classes at the university or at a gathering with mutual friends.Something happened there at the dacha—their hosts set them up to sleep together.“I don’t know if it’s love or not. But before Max, everything was different,” she told Yulia later. “But don’t be thinking I’m always afraid to waste my time on the wrong guy. It’s not like that at all. It’s not about time. I’ve never had regrets about that. I’m not really stingy with my time, you know. But strange things happened: a man has appeared in my life, and he’s really nice, but my reaction is as if I’d gotten someone else’s liver transplanted into me. Does that make any sense?”“No, it doesn’t,” replied Yulia. “If you like this guy, what’s a liver got to do with it?”“It’s not about a liver. It could be anything—an arm, a leg. My body rejects the foreign cells. Day after day, night after night, that’s what I’m talking about. I had already planned it out in advance: if this thing happened, I wouldn’t keep going along with it. But I kept going along with it every time, and guess what suddenly happened? It wasn’t such a bad time. But I’m just not comfortable with Max. I only just realized this today. There was this one doctor, a friend of my mother’s, who got rid of my headache with his hands. I would sit in a chair with a splitting headache, and instead of giving me a painkiller, this strange man massaged the air over my head. Then I got up, said thank you, and left. And I didn’t even notice that the pain had stopped. I just forgot about it and only remembered later—where’s the pain? It was gone. Do you see what I’m saying now?”“I think I see what you’re saying.”It had been six months since that conversation. That night on the train to see Max again, Nina was thinking so hard about money, Kirill, and Ksenia that she almost rode right past Max’s house.She was wondering what exactly Kirill had said about her.What was it that Kirill and Ksenia talked about when Nina was gone?It doesn’t really matter, of course, but all the same . . .“Hi.” Max hugged her, pulled her to him.“Hi,” she said.She was a little taller than he, but it only became noticeable when they came close to each other. After a moment she pulled back slightly. Her phone was making its noisy squeal: it was an urgent call from Ksenia. Right after she’d left Ksenia’s, some Spanish people called. They didn’t know how many days they would be stuck waiting in Moscow and wanted to consult with Nina in advance regarding return tickets.“I’m sorry,” Nina whispered to Max as she sat on the edge of the leather ottoman, and switched to Spanish. It had seemed like it would only take a few minutes, but it ended up taking half an hour.Max went to the kitchen to warm up their lukewarm dinner—meat with cheese and potatoes with mushrooms.From there on it was business as usual. Except that Nina forgot to turn off her phone, and it rang again in the night.“Come on, just chill out,” Max said with a grin. “Call them back in the morning.”“What if it’s something urgent, something serious?” Nina jumped out of bed and rushed barefoot into the hallway.It was the Spanish couple: they were confused about what time it was. They thought it was two hours earlier.They apologized for calling so late. They talked for a few moments, then Nina turned off the phone immediately. When she went back to bed, Max was asleep. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] “So you didn’t like Kirill,” Ksenia announced cheerfully over the phone the next day.It was that obvious? Nina thought indifferently. Well, whatever.“He thinks you’re too passive. He came right up to me and asked me about it. ‘She’s not too passive, is she, your Nina?’ And I said, ‘No, she’s all right, I don’t need her to be aggressive. There’s too much trouble with that type.’ By the way, next week we’re going back to Rogozhin. For two days. So be ready.”Ready. Easier said than done.Carving out two days meant an exhausting feat of planning. And even more than that—she had to request a substitute, move her classes, and then call in sick to work. Everything that occupied Nina’s life, everything that justified her existence in recent years, that which she aspired to, prepared for, and went looking for, was turning into a single continuous interference.I need to talk to Vostokova, Nina mused the next day while her students were doing their independent writing. She’ll understand. Rogozhin really is so much at once—helping children, making money, language practice. Surely she’ll understand.Many years ago, when she saw Vostokova for the first time right after the entrance exams, Nina had thought it was Anna Akhmatova there before her, walking down the hall of the philology department. “Who is that?” she asked someone, when the vision disappeared around the corner, the aroma of fine fragrance trailing behind her.“Don’t you know? That’s Vostokova,” the person said.How could she have guessed!Nina had read all of Vostokova’s books, papers, and articles. Vostokova had the erect posture of an old-school professor and a stern, ageless face, and she wore an expensive suit, which most surely carried the label of some well-known fashion designer.Eva Giorgievna Vostokova was not a typical lady of the faculty. Despite her popularity with students and a variety of publications to her name known by anyone who was interested in Spanish culture, she was an average professor with a master’s degree and never sought the position of faculty head, which they never offered her anyway. She was indifferent to travel and internships, which other professors scurried to intercept from each other, and she didn’t participate in the humiliating battle for the so-called pay lectures, something Nina always dreamed about. Every time Nina met with Vostokova, it was a mild shock to the system, as if she were seeing her for the first time. Her regal look just didn’t fit with the nondescript lecture halls of the philology department and the slowness of faculty life, which was like an overgrown pond, and a thing Nina had already come to think of as a continuation of her own life.There was a distance between Vostokova and her colleagues on the faculty. Nina couldn’t explain to herself what the distance was and didn’t even try—it was an incomprehensible, metaphysical abyss, which separated the inhabitants of the terrestrial valley from the celestial realm.Nina never missed a single one of her lectures—not in her own courses and not in any of the others, either. These lectures bore little resemblance to typical academic classes, the conventional studies everyone gets accustomed to at the university. In fact, it wasn’t a lecture at all, but a legitimate performance involving the participation of the lecturer, the students, and the assigned author and works. Taking notes from Vostokova was impossible—Nina took out a pen and opened her notebook every time, but the two hours of academics flew by, so much so that not a single note appeared in her notebook, only a complicated pattern her hand drew on the white sheet of paper when she fell under Vostokova’s hypnotic power.Maybe Eva Giorgievna did possess some kind of power—otherwise, it’s difficult to explain how she was able to move her listeners from a dreary Moscow thaw of the mid-1990s to the scorching summer of ’25, when Federico García Lorca read poetry for the delight of the public. There in Madrid he got to know future director Luis Buñuel and, most importantly, artist Salvador Dalí, with whom he was friends for many years. What connected them, friendship or something else? In Spain, Lorca was always considered a folk singer, a rebel, practically a Communist. But who knew what elusive shadows lurked in his poems? Not a word was written about this in the collections published during Soviet times, and Nina could only make assumptions. It was possible Dalí was the only one who truly understood Lorca and knew what was behind the labels that were quickly attached to him by traditional culture. Dalí mocked the image of a “Spanish singer” and never took folk poetry seriously, including the seguidilla and cante jondo that made Lorca famous.“There is true genius, and there is the imitation of genius,” Vostokova said. “To think that one is good and the other is bad is misleading: imitation can also be a form of genius. Lorca was a genius, and for his whole life Dalí only imitated genius. He was diligent and consistent, like a true Catalan.”“Does that mean he wasn’t really a genius?” someone asked.“Both are brilliant in the end, each in his own way. Just don’t confuse genius and talent,” added Vostokova. “Talent can be developed, cultivated, worked like a rich soil. Genius is different: it requires no watering or digging.”In those two hours of academics, Nina lived in the melodic and colorful world created by Lorca, as if she had cracked open a secret space in which his incomparable, unbearable poems lived forever.And finally she caught a glimpse of that final night, when Lorca was killed.It is generally accepted that the night sky was starry, bright, and big, that frogs were croaking, olive trees were rustling, and a half-moon shone in the sky, like in his book Gypsy Ballad. It was thought to be an authentic night straight out of Lorca’s own poetry. But in fact, the moon that night was waning, it was impenetrably cloudy, and the murder of the world’s greatest poet was carried out in total darkness.“I will never, ever get old,” Lorca wrote in one of his letters. He turned out to be right.At the end of the lecture, as the audience returned to the auditorium, the hunched backs of students slowly replacing the olive groves of Andalusia, Nina couldn’t explain what exactly had happened to her.Sevilla to wound, Córdoba to die pounded in her temples and throbbed in her gums. Nina had the thought that there was something enormous here, nothing like the familiar academic discourse of comfortable phonetics, comparative linguistics, and foreign literature: it was inspiration, sadness, and bitterness that she experienced that day. And that, no matter what, it was necessary to be unafraid of the tired, heavy words like ash, heart, rose, and death—it was necessary simply to listen to them once again.Nina didn’t consider herself a gifted student. She had mediocre study habits, and it wasn’t difficult for most professors to bring her to a dead end with tricky questions. She didn’t stand out among her fellow students, but one day in September, when a group of Russian students returned from Spain, Vostokova, who had organized the costly trip, asked everyone to write a short essay about their impressions.Nina’s essay was devoted entirely to the excursions in Granada and the village of Fuente Vaqueros, Lorca’s birthplace. She ended the essay with this passage:“Federico García Lorca was a very sad poet. Even Lorca’s name rhymes with sad things in Russian: bread crust and cubbyholes and chlorine. We know that a poplar grove grows next to the house where Lorca was born. Lorca loved this grove, he talked to the poplars as a child, and then wrote a lot about them. This summer it became clear that Lorca’s favorite poplars weren’t planted haphazardly, as was the norm, but in beds, like beets or carrots. Long and absolutely hopeless, these beds eliminated the need to go for a walk. But now it’s impossible to walk through them—they’re almost continuous, with the smallest spaces between the rows.”Nina watched Eva Giorgievna run her eyes over the text, fold the paper in half, and set it beside her.After a while, much to the surprise of the students and other lecturers, Nina Koretskaya became the only student in her group in whom Vostokova took a personal interest. She advised her on courses and then on her future academic plans.She endorsed the topic of Nina’s dissertation, arranged the internship for her in Spain, and promised to help her find a spot in the Department of Foreign Literature in the future, but in the meantime recommended her for a modest job teaching Spanish.Despite these favors, or perhaps because of them, it was pretty scary to talk to Eva Giorgievna about her new job. But what would happen if Nina couldn’t find a replacement one day? There would only be one thing she could do: wreck the trip and drop the ball with Kirill, Ksenia, and the Spanish parents. You can’t just stand people up, thought Nina. It was time to talk to Vostokova about her job. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] After meeting Kirill, Nina went home. She’d made plans to meet Max the week before but ended up canceling on him. She only had enough energy left to go home.The apartment was quiet. Nina could hear the kitchen clock ticking. Her mother was sitting in her room, absorbed in her computer screen. There would be no point in telling her about Sveta, or otherwise sharing her experiences. Her mother was terribly busy; she was working on another scientific article and didn’t even seem to notice that her daughter hadn’t been home for two days.“Hi, Mama!” Nina yelled.Her mother sat with her back to her and kept staring at the screen. Nina could see the flickering monitor from the hallway, as well as a gray head and a knit sweater she remembered from childhood.“Hi. There are potatoes on the stove and sausage in the freezer,” her mother responded without turning her head. “You’re just in time to share what I’m heating up.”Nina fried the potatoes, throwing them into the pan with the frozen-solid sausages, and ate alone, knowing very well that her mother would come in later, quickly eat her dinner, and return to the computer with a cup of tea.Nina’s mother Zoya Alexievna Koretskaya was a zoologist. And not just a scientist: a true devotee.She spent her summers on expeditions in the Far North and the rest of her time teaching students and processing the research material she gathered over the summer.In her memories Nina would forever have empty intervals of summer loneliness. The intervals repeated annually and lasted two months, from July to September, when little Nina was handed off to her grandmother, and as a temporary orphan she would run around from morning to evening through the endless streets and avenues of the dacha cooperative, scratching her mosquito bites, gathering beetles in a jar for her collection, and longing for her mother the whole time. Ever since those summers, Nina was troubled by a futile anticipation that she could never manage to fulfill—not with her insect collection, books, games, or the other neighborhood children.Nina’s father had divorced Zoya Alexievna by mutual consent of both parties—peacefully, as they say, civilized. Science didn’t leave any time or emotion for each other or a family life. While Nina was growing up, her father moved to the Belorusskaya neighborhood on the other side of Moscow from her mother.The focus of Zoya Alexievna’s research was marine mammals, specifically the acoustic signals exchanged between the various breeds of seal and walrus living in the Far North. They conversed with each other like people in their rookeries among the rocks. The male roared like a bull—he guarded his harem and his territory from other males announcing their desire to copulate with the females. The females hailed their young, and the young responded to their calls.Zoya Alexievna clambered over slippery rocks to get to her animals and recorded them on a tape recorder. The tape with the voices of the animals on it was more important to her than her own life. Once she told Nina about how they were approaching a rocky coast in the wilderness where the seals were harboring. When the boat was about twenty meters from the shore, it was completely overtaken by a deadly wave, one resembling the sort of small tsunami that sometimes rolled across a calm sea and dumped its entire volume on the beach. The boat sank immediately. Her mother didn’t even have time to get scared, only to be surprised by how fast the vessel sank to the bottom. The next moment she found herself up to her neck in the water. She was incredibly lucky. A set of circumstances had arranged themselves in her favor, as if a special guardian angel, the patron saint of zoological surveyors, had picked them out in advance and pinned them together: The boat sank off the coast in a low tide with particularly low water, so that her mother was able to reach the coastal rocks safely. Her whole body pushed against the heavy black water to where the other members of the expedition were already gathered. If one of the favorable circumstances had accidentally fallen from the angelic chain, Zoya Alexievna might have died: the July temperature of the water in the Laptev Sea was six degrees.But the moment in the story that struck Nina most of all was at the very beginning, when the boat overturned: her mother stood in the water up to her chin, her hands raised high, holding over her head the tape player that had recorded the animal voices.Ever since childhood, Nina hadn’t liked her mother’s marine mammals. She didn’t understand how the image of a cold, slow-moving creature could embed itself in a grown woman’s consciousness so firmly and deeply. Once when Nina was a child, her mother told her that the dead bodies of seals and walruses would be lying on the beach, and the other animals wouldn’t even think to avoid them—on the contrary, they happily got on top of the bloated carcasses and quietly basked in the warmth of the intense rotting, piling on top of their dead tribesmen. The young played with the dead pups, and they liked to roll into the water with the adult corpses like they were on a carnival ride.Nina couldn’t understand the romance of the Far North her mother was in love with.A helicopter delivered the members of her expedition to a remote, deserted beach at the mouth of either the Kolyma or Yana River, where there was a tiny little house, nothing more than a trailer.Her mother lived in that trailer for two months.The tundra only came to life in the summer, and then only for a few weeks. Night disappeared altogether, and a pale polar day stood over the tundra around the clock. Flowers covered the tundra—small daisies and poppies with tiny petals that trembled pitifully. When she looked at the pictures, Nina couldn’t believe her eyes: the bleak plain, a brown desert when viewed from a plane, became a blooming steppe in the spring. It took so little for the earth to wake up and rouse a dormant seed—just a little, almost heatless sun and a miserly ten degrees. Even in the summer, almost every day was overcast and damp with “beads,” which is what the locals called the mixture of fog and rain. But in a few hours, when the fog dissipated and the sun came out, the tundra was transformed. The sky became an enormous, overwhelming blue dome, and hundreds of tiny lakes made from the melting ice glittered in the sun. Her mother once took a photograph of the summer tundra from a helicopter. It was a blue-and-gold mirror sparkling against a green background: the tundra woke up and opened its eyes, clear and clean.Her mother put this photo in a frame and hung it over her desk.Once Nina’s mother brought her a piece of gold as a gift. A genuine gold nugget, a drop of shining sunlight the size of a grape, which her mother had found on the bank of the Yana River. Something flashed in the thick gray mud, in which her boots were sinking up to her ankles, and Zoya Alexievna bent down to pick it up. According to the law, gold was supposed to be turned over to the state immediately, but her mother hid the nugget and took it back with her to Moscow as a gift for her daughter. It wasn’t the state’s business: according to local beliefs, the North gives such treasures to those it finds pleasing.That drop of Kolyma sun ended up kept in Nina’s jewelry box; veteran northerners believed liking gold or wearing gold jewelry was in bad taste, and Nina learned this hard and fast rule of the North as it was passed on to her from her mother.“Mama, what is it about Kolyma for you?” Nina couldn’t resist asking once.Sakhalin, Kamchatka, and even Chukotka, any of the other remote corners in Russia where there were marine mammals, seemed to her like more attractive wastelands.“It’s a place people would run away from, and yet you dream about it. I mean, really, why do you need seals? Forest creatures are so much nicer. Why didn’t you pick them? What difference does it make if their voices get recorded? If you had such great admiration for the taiga, that I would understand. And this Yana River area of yours? You said it yourself, there’s a half meter of earth, and then it’s all permafrost. It’s so cold you don’t even need a refrigerator.”“The taiga is an amazing place,” her mother agreed. “You see, it seems to fit everyone’s taste: it’s beautiful, and everything makes sense there. But Kolyma isn’t for everybody. You have to get used to it, and not everybody can. If in a single wonderful day you feel a fondness for Kolyma, then the feeling is forever.”The photographs her mother showed her and the amazing stories Nina had listened to since childhood aroused in her a shrill and very deep nostalgia. But she couldn’t do anything to vent this nostalgia. From an early age Nina was jealous of her parents’ trips north: going north was more important to them than little Nina, who always stayed in the background, behind dissertations, scientific articles, long-distance flights, and acoustics instruments.In her mother’s opinion, a person must give her entire self to important business, which is how she once described her work. Betraying this business with other, less-significant matters not related to one’s life focus was downright criminal.It wouldn’t work to consult with her mother about how best to balance the department and her dissertation with Rogozhin. A talk like this would have been over at the first flash of mutual annoyance. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Winter passed, and an icy, cloudy spring arrived.It got lighter earlier every day. When Nina woke up, there was pale morning outside her window. The trees in the yard were fogged in. Somewhere a bird sang in a piercing voice—it was singing a very high note, like the ringing of a bell, and it seemed like the voice was flying down from the sky.The end of March happened to be warm and damp, but it bore no resemblance to spring—the ravens were cawing too mournfully, the smell in the air was strange, and everything was sodden with mud and emerging dog poop.Then the cold burst forth once again, and the blizzards howled. Snow fell until the end of April.For a few months in a row until July, Nina went to Rogozhin every two weeks. It was a completely unmanageable schedule. At first she moved her classes and found replacements for them, and that was difficult enough, but then suddenly the faculty head scheduled a meeting that Nina couldn’t handle—a trip to Rogozhin fell on a Monday and Tuesday, and Nina’s teaching times were on Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday. She had almost no time left for herself, but on a regular basis, twice a month in fact, Nina received two hundred euros from Rogozhin and one time made five hundred for negotiating with the Spanish side. She was finally able to abandon her embittered private students. She began to like the trips more and more, and, to her surprise, Nina developed an attachment to Rogozhin.The city flourished in the beginning of summer—it was lovelier, and despite the dust and bad roads, it felt to Nina like a hometown.The old part of Rogozhin lived ruefully on, two-story houses with stone ground floors and wooden second floors with carved shutters and porches. The narrow streets were planted with tall linden trees, and there was shade and relief from the summer heat under their heavy branches. There were hardly any cars, and everyone took the trams, which were rusty and sonorous, like tin cans. Nina went on long walks past the old houses, looked at the sagging barns, rotting benches, and shaggy raven nests in the tall willows and poplars, and imagined that once, a long time ago, so long ago she couldn’t even remember, she lived on one of these streets, in one of Rogozhin’s oldest houses, and that she stepped outside in the morning to a garden full of wild apple trees, that the rattling of trams pleased rather than annoyed her, because apart from their rumble, there was no other sound to break the silence of the old.Nina moved along one street, turned onto another, walked past greenish walls, past the cemetery, where she had many times wanted to go but didn’t dare, past thickets of elders and vacant lots full of garbage, imagining how people lived on those streets in the old days, what they looked like, those people, and what their houses looked like. It occurred to Nina that the city insisted on showing her its shabby underbelly, but if she searched a little further, sooner or later, the other side—the city’s presentable front—would reveal itself. But one street ended, another stretched on behind it, and for some reason the city’s front was never there. Nina feared that these streets were endless, and that she would never, ever get out of them. But the city center was already past her, and up ahead she could see the open-air market, where she could buy cheap apples, cucumbers, milk, sour cream, and linens. Impressively sized bras blew in the wind, and the end of the city was behind the market, where instead of old houses there were garages and a block of ugly five-story apartment buildings.There were real landmarks in Rogozhin. There was the old kremlin, which was surrounded by a crumbling brick wall. There were the beautiful merchants’ homes, which were full of history. An old church was barely standing, overgrown with wormwood all the way to its darkened crosses. Nina discovered an actual birch tree growing on top of the church’s dome. The birch was tall, slender, and swayed indifferently in the wind, as though it were standing in an open field and not on the roof of an architectural monument in a historic city center.One time Nina realized that if she took the tram, she would quickly find herself at the border, where the city drops off unexpectedly, and the five-story buildings and yards cluttered with barns transitioned to countryside without any suburb. This countryside was a rare stretch of woods and fields through which a river flowed, smoothly curving around overgrown bushes and reeds, and if she looked closely she could find a clean, white, sandy beach among those bushes and reeds.Nina guessed that in a few years, Rogozhin’s provincial charm would disappear, and something quite different would take its place, so she eagerly memorized it, made a mental sketch of every element.She headed into a bookstore on a little street, stood by the counter, and picked out books. Suddenly her phone beeped—Ksenia was calling on business. Ksenia talked quickly, and it was hard to hear. Nina scrunched up her eyes with stress and pressed the phone firmly to her ear, putting her hand by her mouth to block out the noise, and said, “What? Say that again! Where?”The elderly saleswoman looked angrily, accusingly at Nina, the only customer in the store, and said, “How long are you going to jabber? Go outside and talk out there. I’m tired of it.” At first Nina was taken aback, but she wasn’t angry, didn’t snap back, as would be expected in such a scenario. On the contrary, she felt a rush of poignant pity and love for this angry saleswoman and her shop in this old, crumbling building, the windows of which looked out on a river and the modest local kremlin.“Pardon me,” Nina muttered, hiding the phone. “It was a call I had to take. A very urgent conversation.” Then she went outside. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The hotel where Nina and Ksenia stayed was situated opposite the train station. When the train arrived, she saw how the traders would rush at the passengers, offering cakes, bagels, bottles of kefir and milk, bags and packets of pickles, berries, and boiled potatoes. The train didn’t stop for long, but the passengers got out on the platform and bought things for the rest of their trip.The rooms in the hotel with windows on the train station and tram stop were noisy, and repeat customers tried to avoid them. There were other rooms overlooking the city. Ksenia always got first pick, and then Nina would try to get a quiet room. There were garage roofs and sheds stretched out beneath the windows, and cats liked to walk around on these roofs. Brick Khrushchev-era apartment buildings and wooden houses with porches, front gardens, and orchards were beyond the thick ash and linden trees behind the sheds. Nina loved to sit by the window in the evening, drinking tea and looking out at the panorama from the height of the seventh floor. Sometimes other hotel guests would come out on their own balconies for a breath of fresh air. A sprightly man in sweatpants and a T-shirt noticed Nina looking at him one time and waved. Nina smiled and waved back.She would stare into the distance until her eyes hurt, into the clear sky where the martins circled in the summer as they hunted for insects, while something else was in turn hunting the martins, and the domed church and its birch tree were peering out from behind the distant trees and roofs. The window of the hotel room replaced television for Nina. Her personal television replacement showed many scenes—the flight pattern of the martins, the clouds, and the wind running through the trees. In summer, the deciduous trees became heavy with their fleshy fruit, and in the winter their twig patterns resembled the branches of bronchi in somebody’s lungs.It was a long, broad, completely straight street that led from the hotel to the city center. There were shops along the street on the ground level selling groceries, hardware, shoes. Setting out on a walk in the evening, Nina and Ksenia went in many of the shops. Ksenia bought fruit, a cake, delicious smoked meat, and sweets in boxes from abroad. In the evening she and Ksenia sat and chatted about everything until late in the night, sipping some Spanish wine that had been a gift.One time in a book store, Nina happened upon a textbook on feng shui, the Chinese science of spatial harmony. She took the book off the shelf and opened it to a page with a long, straight street like this one in Rogozhin. The caption at the bottom stated that the life-giving energy of chi doesn’t linger in such places, turning them into dangerous conductors of deadly drafts.Nina remembered it and told Ksenia about it. They laughed about it together, uncorking a bottle of wine and eating nuts and cold cuts. The street was always really windy, even on quiet summer evenings. Nina slowed down to inhale the fragrant breeze, and she imagined that it blew in from beyond the city, from the huge fields that reached out to the horizon, bringing with it the smell of river slime and grass warmed by the sun.There was a local fashion on the streets around the city center—its own special thing, not like what Nina saw in Moscow. In the summer in the morning, the women dressed up in velour and went from home to work in high heels, with heavily rouged cheeks and lines drawn around their eyes and lips. In the winter they wore trapeze coats, the kind that flare at the bottom, and tall boots. Their hats in particular made an impression on Nina: tall mink turbans and intricate snail-like cathedral domes rose from the heads of the women. As they walked down the streets, Nina and Ksenia nudged each other and cracked up laughing.Ksenia in her usual tracksuit, sneakers, and hoodie and Nina in her jeans and short parka with wooden toggles attracted the attention of the locals as well. They followed them with their eyes, especially when they pulled up to the first and only Rogozhin supermarket in a silver SUV, the number of which could be counted on one hand in Rogozhin. Suddenly it wasn’t some skinhead guys or long-legged beauties in fur coats hopping out onto the pavement, but two modest and unremarkable young ladies with duffle bags slung over their shoulders. In this way Nina thought she and Ksenia were casually demonstrating a role for everyone to see: they were the embodiment of success. When they got back in the SUV men by the supermarket scratched their chins thoughtfully, watching them go.“What if,” Nina reflected, “we aren’t the only ones? What if others are acquiring their nice things by way of ordinary mischief?”“They very well may be,” Ksenia said, nodding. “But for a person to live the good life like this, with money for expensive foolishness not coming from hard work, then the game ceases to be a game. Nothing can be taken seriously, it must come and go easily. You have to gain and lose without regret—only then are you playing the game.”Nina agreed. She was interested in everything Ksenia had to say—she was so independent and wise. There was nobody else like her. Ksenia with her SUV, two adult sons, and fat stacks of money was without a doubt the most liberated human being Nina had ever met.At first their ten-year age difference seemed huge to Nina. As their joint visits to Rogozhin became regular and their communication constant, Nina thought often about the best medicine for old age, looking ten steps ahead of her to this energetic, intelligent, flourishing woman, who paved the way into the unknown for Nina, a place where, over time, it wasn’t so scary to be.Two words described Ksenia’s appearance very well: Russian simple. Like a peasant woman in a Venetsianov painting with a butterfly on her hand: small eyes, high cheekbones, rosy cheeks. Her bobbed hair vaguely ashen. By summer, Ksenia’s hair had grown out and changed its look. Her face had acquired an unusual femininity, and Nina was quite taken with it. Gone were the predatory mouth and piercing eyes, the harsh character motivated by contempt and mockery. But Ksenia soon cut off her girlish ponytail and was back to her old look.Up until that point, Ksenia’s face appeared in Nina’s mind against a background of the central Russian landscape they sped past on their trips from Moscow to Rogozhin. The side of Ksenia’s face against a field full of chirping grasshoppers. Ksenia and a birch grove beyond her eyebrows. Ksenia and haystacks the color of her ashen bob. The wind rushing in the open window, ruffling and abruptly lifting her weightless hair, which in a single moment obscured the haystacks, trees, and cloudy sky. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] “The whole city is asleep!” said Nina. “Even McDonald’s is empty!”They were sitting in the McDonald’s on Tverskaya. Max was rustling his wrapper as he ate his Big Mac, and Nina was dipping her fries in ketchup.“So what?” Max responded. “Don’t you ever get enough of Moscow? There’s plenty for me to shoot at night, anyway.”“That’s for sure! There are so many shots passing by right now! So much antiquity is crumbling around us. So amazing. Everything’s dilapidated, transient. There’s just so much. Tourists come to see it. Who knows what this city will be like in fifty years? Urban decay isn’t forever. They’ll have to renovate at some point. Other than that, it’s complete desolation. Old women begging, boarded-up windows, crumbling walls. Our orphans . . . I keep wondering how it got so bad, and why . . . Imagine, today was the first time I ever saw one of the mothers.”“What was she like?”“She was a normal Russian lady. She came to the children’s home. Six months ago she rejected her son and daughter. Ada told me about it. And imagine, she seemed normal. Perfectly normal.”“And you thought she would be a monster?”“Well, I thought . . . I had a certain impression of these people. But this was just an average woman. Normal clothes—jeans, sneakers, a leather jacket . . .”There was something else Nina was going to say, but she went silent when she remembered something.It was a long time ago, when she was six years old.Katya lived on the top floor of her building. She lived with her son Alyosha, a Tatar boy. He was weak, and all the neighbors said he was lagging behind in development. People felt sorry for weak children and treated them accordingly, but Katya’s Alyosha was so moody and had such a morbid face that nobody really felt sorry for him.“Have you seen my Alyosha?” Katya once asked some old ladies on the bench. “He’s the Tatar boy.” And she held her narrow palm somewhere around the height of her knee, even though the boy had since grown up and gone to school.The old ladies answered that they hadn’t seen him. Then they shook their heads disapprovingly as Katya walked away in her house slippers.Katya herself was tiny, just like her Alyosha, with a little pug nose and yellow legs. She was like a candle: as the years went by she melted more and more, and her nose got sharper and her face became less. She worked as a yard keeper—not in Nina’s courtyard, but in the next one.Nina remembered Katya very well. She would have recognized her instantly, even though many years had passed. One time one of the people from the Caucasus who sold fruit on the street gave Katya a watermelon so huge that the next day she brought Nina’s mother a plate of slices covered in cheesecloth. The flesh of the watermelon was so juicy the cloth was wet, and it was crawling with fruit flies.“Here, eat some,” Katya said, unashamed.“You see,” Nina told Max, “there was no way she and Alyosha could eat the whole watermelon by themselves. I looked at Katya in the doorway, at her haggard face, and I couldn’t understand those Caucasus people. What did they see in her? Why a watermelon? There were lots of people in our building who Katya didn’t even say hello to, didn’t even seem to notice in the courtyard. And yet she got a watermelon. So she stuck a bunch of slices on a plate and muttered something in the voice of a beggar. Later she sent her Tatar boy somewhere else, and nobody ever saw him again. Someone said she sent him to live in their village. At some point Katya’s mother said Katya had to send Alyosha away, and wasn’t able to bring him back. And then Katya herself disappeared.”Nina sighed.“Katya was really kind of like an indigent—weak, with a yellow face. She was probably an alcoholic. But she wasn’t a monster or anything. And she loved her Alyosha, I’m sure. It’s just how everything turned out.”“Monsters are often very fond of their children,” Max murmured, finishing his coffee and wiping his mouth with a napkin. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] That summer, Nina fell into a state of deep, profound relaxation for two months straight. After all her work at the university, all the travel with the Spanish people to Rogozhin, and her unfinished dissertation weighing on her like a millstone, a dacha summer vacation was particularly welcome. Unfortunately, Max could only come see her occasionally on the weekends—his apartment was far away, he didn’t have a car, and he also had important calls he had to wait for in Moscow. But shortly before September, when the trees dropped their first yellow leaves, mushrooms stopped growing because of the cold, and most of the summer dacha dwellers had departed, Nina had a feeling of melancholy. She couldn’t wait to go back to university, to a desk, a computer, and the Internet.She finally called Ksenia in Moscow.“Oh, I’m so glad you’re finally back! I had no idea what the hell to do without you. We’re going to Rogozhin next week, then again a week later, and then once a week minimum until the end of October. So get ready.”It was a discouraging start for Nina: she had hoped to live in peace again, at least for a little while. She wanted to go places with Max. He had told her there were several good exhibits in autumn, and by this time she knew it was one thing to look at photos on the screen or in an album, and yet another to see them in a large format in an exhibition hall, with ambiance and lighting. And most importantly, she needed to reengage herself with the university. This year Nina would be leading the third-year students, and she already knew a little about this new group: they were diligent young women with a solid mastery of Spanish. There was to be no slack given to them in this new academic year—her job was to prepare them for a serious study of the language.“Otherwise,” explained the dean of faculty at the department meeting, “our work is meaningless. They can earn their degrees other places, but the Lomonosov Moscow State University requires serious scientific and methodical work.”Serious scientific work, Nina repeated in her mind as she was coming home on the metro. And then what for me? How am I supposed to combine scientific work and travel? Stop using the language and turn into Goryanskaya?Goryanskaya was an elderly professor on their faculty, a teacher of phonetics and a doctor of philology. There were rumors among the students and younger instructors that Goryanskaya had devoted her life to the scientific study of Spanish at the university, but in fact had a poor command of the spoken language and didn’t know the elementary basics of contemporary Spanish. Nina had taken a course with her as a first year, and Goryanskaya was still safely serving on the faculty now, although lots of people laughed at her behind her back.Nina ended up making an agreement with a young graduate student who would replace her for a fee—a fee that came, of course, out of Nina’s pocket, from the money she was making in Rogozhin. This suited everyone. He was a graduate student in good standing and everything, but sometimes he didn’t show up when he was supposed to, and then Nina had to scramble to make things right and cover for his absence. One time she also had to spend an extra night in Rogozhin, and it was a complete mess arranging a replacement, which she managed with great difficulty.By late autumn she was completely worn out.“It’s getting pretty complicated,” she admitted once to Ksenia. “Maybe I’ll just have to give up adoptions.”“Oh come on.” Ksenia sounded scared. “Don’t be hasty. There’s no need to get twitchy. Hopefully things will change soon, but the work is so good I would advise you not to quit. There’s no telling which one you’ll ultimately prefer.”Nina wanted to protest, to say something very important about choices and a life’s business, but then she thought of her mother and trailed off.They sat in the Rogozhin hotel.Evening came.Autumn flew by in an instant, to be swiftly replaced by winter, and snow was falling outside the window against a darkening sky.“You’re tired, I understand,” Ksenia said. “You and I should get together in Moscow and go do something. Eh? What do you think?”“I think that might be possible. I would love that.”“Excellent. We can go to a restaurant. What kind would you want to go to?”“What kind is there?”“All sorts.”“Then let’s go to Yolki-Palki, I really love that place.”“What?” Ksenia was laughing. “To hell with Yolki-Palki! No, we’re going to an expensive restaurant, something authentic.”“For example?”“Like Chinese. There’s a place called House of Dragon. Have you ever been to a Chinese restaurant?”Nina hadn’t, but she was very much interested in going there and trying Chinese food. They made plans for the day and time they would go there together in Moscow, and Ksenia quickly changed the subject, without having said anything significant in regards to Nina’s university life or the orphans. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] House of Dragon, where Ksenia took Nina, was located in the most fashionable and elegant part of the Moscow city center. From the outside it looked a little haughty—a massive door made of dark wood and a sharp-toothed red-and-gold dragon, its body twisted into a pair of rings. Nina had noticed this restaurant before, but she never imagined that one day she would open the door and walk inside.Ksenia was waiting at a table by the window. Nina nearly stumbled walking in; the floor was transparent, and goldfish were swimming beneath the thick glass underneath Nina’s feet.“No way,” she said, looking down.“You point your fork at a fish, they catch it and cook it up for you,” Ksenia responded. “The Chinese are masters of this stuff. I’m kidding of course,” she added, taking note of Nina’s look of confusion.Someone brought them a thick menu bound in leather.“Please don’t even look in the right column,” Ksenia ordered generously. “Look on the left side and pick something you really want.”Nina didn’t realize what Ksenia meant at first. She opened the menu, looked first in the right column, and was speechless: the prices were several times higher than the prices of every Moscow restaurant and café she had ever been in. And that was on the less expensive side of the menu.“These prices,” she said, worried. “Maybe we shouldn’t have come here? There’s that great chocolate shop around the corner. And honestly, I’m just in the mood for McDonald’s.”“Don’t be ridiculous,” Ksenia said with a snort. “Money should be spent on a grand scale. Otherwise it loses its meaning. Quit being greedy, and you will have plenty. You need money to maintain your flow through life. If the money comes to a standstill, its influx is reduced. So just relax and order whatever you want.”Her whole life, as long as Nina could remember, she always had to economize. She had never thought about the ultimate goal of this economy and its real necessity. Even if she could start saving small amounts, she couldn’t afford to buy the expensive things she really liked. She always felt them over in the store, and then, usually with a sigh, she hung them back up. So now in the Chinese restaurant, one of the best in Moscow—or so said Ksenia at least—Nina overcame her usual doubts. How could she order a salad that cost the same as a decent pair of shoes? Or an appetizer of sea cucumber, which cost more than the Chinese-made down coat at the household goods market?She leafed absently through the menu, intending to settle on some modest salad of tomatoes and cucumbers or its Chinese equivalent. She pointed to one of the dishes.“Jellyfish with cucumber,” she read aloud. “Interesting; I wonder what that is?”“I’ve never had it,” said Ksenia and shrugged. “Try it, then you’ll know.”Nina didn’t want to try it. She thought it would be better to stick with something she knew would taste good.Finally, she made up her mind. It was decided that they would order several different dishes and put a little of each on their plates. They chose egg rolls with smoked duck, Chin dynasty soup with tiger prawns, lobster, and sea cucumber. Nina became so absorbed in studying the menu, she forgot to think about the prices.The Chin dynasty soup turned out to be hardly anything—the tiger prawns were divided in half, even. Nina didn’t feel like eating anything else after soup and eggrolls, but she kept trying dish after dish out of curiosity. They had some drinks, and as Nina got drunk she cheered up. The waiter loomed behind them, watching their every move and pouring French white wine in their glasses from a bottle wrapped in a towel starched stiff.“Thank you, that isn’t necessary,” said Ksenia, taking the bottle from the waiter. Now she was doing the pouring, filling their glasses with gusto.I think she wants to tell me something, Nina thought when there was a pause in their small talk. Come on, don’t be afraid, Ksenia. This is so unlike you.“Understand something,” Ksenia began and then stalled, sipping her wine and wiping her mouth with a napkin.Here it is. This is the reason we came here.“We do not work out of altruism, but for money,” Ksenia continued cautiously.“Not just for money, for very good money. But it’s a good thing to do, too,” Nina said.“If it wasn’t for the money, I would prefer for this good work to be done by somebody else. It’s too much trouble.” Ksenia smiled at Nina. She had a sweet, very youthful smile. Perhaps it seemed so because everything else in her face—sharp cheekbones, mocking mouth, piercing eyes—was rather off-putting. “We work for money. For the cash,” Ksenia said thoughtfully, picking at the lobster with her fork. “And so the question arises: What kind of money do we work for, and how much will we eventually accrue? We are doing this thing ourselves. And our money floats away.” That last phrase she said quietly and slightly off to the side, like she was talking to herself.“You give it to Kirill,” Nina clarified, trying to scrape up the last of the sweet white sauce that had been served with the lobster.“That’s the thing,” said Ksenia. “In theory I’ve always been pleased with the work, you know. And then recently I wondered. It’s a shame the way it works out. Kirill is raking it in by proxy.”“So what? We’re not miserable right now. I’m getting my driver’s license soon, taking lessons from a driving instructor on weekends. You’re buying a house. We’re eating lobster.”“You’re right. But understand: our work is very specialized. It’s unique. When some people get into this business, they’re ready to . . . go to the next level. Keep in mind, I’ve worked with Kirill for many years. He went to every Rogozhin nook and cranny. He bypassed every boss on every corner. Admittedly, Kirill held my hand through the process at the beginning and introduced me to everyone. And yet that was only the beginning. Plus, he got me acquainted only with Rogozhin. Province-level children’s homes a hundred kilometers out? Destitute children at boarding schools in villages that aren’t marked on any maps? Villages infested with cockroaches? I went out and got these things, and nothing changed for me personally. The money was still the same.”Nina began to feel bad for Ksenia. She has never heard such despair, such fatigue in her voice.“Maybe,” Nina said gently, “you should separate yourself from him?”Ksenia stared out the window, where the stained glass caught her eye with its intricate Chinese patterns.“I don’t know. All the hooks and strings are still with Kirill.”“And why exactly do you need his hooks and strings?” Nina was surprised. “The Spanish contacts started writing to me personally a long time ago. I could propose that they work with you directly.”“You could suggest it, of course. But you see, I’m scared that Kirill will find out.”“So what? The customers aren’t interested in paying extra if they don’t have to. They think the children come from you. They don’t know anything about him.”“Also true,” Ksenia agreed hesitantly.The remnants of the lobster were carried away from the table and replaced with bowls of ice cream on rather spacious dinner plates.Green tea ice cream, Nina had read aloud before dinner, paging though the menu and running her eyes over the dessert menu. “Looks delightful. Reminds me of that book by Milorad Pavich: Landscape Painted with Tea.”The ice cream was greenish in color and not very sweet, and the taste really did resemble green tea.“How lovely,” Nina exclaimed. “Those clever Chinese!”She didn’t much care for ice cream, but her green tea ice cream was all scooped up from the little glass bowl in an instant.“I will tell you this much,” Ksenia continued. “Kirill is a dangerous man. It’s not that I’m afraid of him, you understand. I’m not afraid, it’s just the truth. More precisely, the way I’m afraid of him is socially acceptable. Let’s just say I’m afraid of him. I feel a reluctance about getting in touch with him. The forces at work behind my fear are unknown. It very well may be that he does not work alone. One time he showed up at my place with a voice recorder.”“No way.” Nina was amazed. “How do you know? Why did he have a voice recorder?”“I have no idea. It was very easy to figure out. He kept his hand in his pocket for the whole conversation. Then after I had apparently said enough, the button clicked, and he took his hand back out.”“Did you see it?”“What?”“The voice recorder.”“I’m telling you, Kirill had it in his pocket. Of course he didn’t take it out and stick it right under my nose. How could I see it?”“Do you think maybe you just imagined it? Like maybe the electric kettle in the kitchen was boiling and its button clicked? Somehow I have a hard time believing he had a voice recorder.”“You see, Ninochka,” Ksenia said thoughtfully, “people have a special sense, like vision or hearing. It’s called a sixth sense, or, I don’t know, something like that. Sometimes I hear or see something, but in my head there’s a sensor going off: beep, beep, beep. That beep-beep is the sixth sense. I think everyone has it, but some people develop it when you talk business with a lot of different people. You can learn to tap into it if you concentrate on it. When you get good at it, you realize that the most important thing is not the words but the expression in the eyes. There was one wonderful day when I learned this. Life taught me. In fact, in the beginning it was very difficult to understand this with the head of the department, Lyudmila Dmitrievna, and Ada. We are like Martians to them, and they to us. They want to work with people like themselves—not evil, not stupid, just sincere and very greedy. That’s how they understand each other the right way. By the way, this feeling is very well developed in them, especially when it comes to danger or money. I’ve had these thoughts before: What is the more dominant feeling for them? Does fear outweigh greed, or does greed outweigh fear? I have to imagine it’s the fear that’s stronger. This is the root of all our problems. The necessary people refuse to do us favors because they fear for their own skin. Because greed is like a desire for excess. Excess can be good, but you can get by just fine without it. They got by their whole lives in Rogozhin and elsewhere in Russia before international adoption opened up. But once the greed is replaced by fear, they’re prepared to give up on the whole thing.”“So what about Kirill and the voice recorder?” They had eaten their ice cream and were finishing their tea.“Oh yes, Kirill. So then, there was a reason I told you about the sixth sense. See, it doesn’t matter whether I heard the button click or not. Maybe it was the electric kettle that clicked. Or maybe I was hearing things. It’s not important. The important thing is that my sixth sense works, and it very clearly prompted me to think, Kirill has a recorder hidden in his pocket. That’s all I needed to know. And now you’re the only one who can help me. I’m asking you to write to the Spanish intermediary and outline our situation. I hope you can figure out how to do it better, you’re a pretty smart person. I don’t think it matters to the Spanish contacts who they work with, us or Kirill. By the way, Kirill is always deliberately creating complexities where there don’t need to be any. And it’s primarily our clients who are affected by it, for no reason at all. Just because of his seedy personality.”The check came tucked inside a glossy red booklet. Ksenia quickly ran her eyes over the column of numbers and counted out several large bills.“You’re probably thinking that, from the standpoint of integrity, all of this is not very good,” she said and smiled. “In fact, I appreciate decent people, truly appreciate them. I even consider myself decent. But I really think it’s better if decency is not excessive.”“Excessive decency?” Nina said. “What is that?”“That is when a decent person can harm someone—either her friend or herself—when she refuses something important for the sake of shitty principles.”“Living for the sake of principles—that’s decency,” Nina replied.“You’re right of course, Nina.” Ksenia looked at her leniently. “You were an excellent student in school, and then again at university. But school and university are one thing, and life is another. Right now you’re in life, and not in the library with a book. A person grows up, becomes wiser, and one day finally discovers the middle ground. Everything really is fine in moderation. So decency must also be moderate. In our case here for example, the biggest issue is that Kirill is an extra link. He has already done his job, and now he is only a hindrance. Nothing else is that big a problem, you know?”Nina listened to Ksenia and thought about herself. How exactly did it happen that she had offered herself to Ksenia as the one to oust Kirill? It was probably the law of nature that was to blame, according to which excess must be eliminated. Just a little nod and he would fall to the side. The business hinged on this, and Nina in this case was a cog in the mechanism of natural selection. She was debating the ethics and considering the letters she would send to Spain in the coming days. She was in fact changing—swiftly and rapidly—right before her own eyes. She couldn’t keep up with her own thoughts. Her head was crackling with electricity. Here in this expensive restaurant, it was a very different person sitting at the table, a golden warrior of moderation, not naive old Nina, who was raised by her father, her mother, and Eva Giorgievna Vostokova. She thought Ksenia was wise, an adult. What was right was a different kind of special, flexible truth, unlike the cumbersome and outdated throwback that was the truth-telling of her mother. It was Ksenia’s truth that Nina had yet to fully comprehend.“Yes, I’m with you. I’m on board,” she said automatically, not sure until the end whether she actually agreed or not.“That is excellent to hear,” Ksenia said, her smiling face once again smooth and bright. “Then let’s act. If anything is unclear, ask me. But only in person. No phone calls.”“That was the exact same speech Kirill gave me.”“How naive you are.” Ksenia smiled again. “Do you really think only complete assholes get their phones tapped? You know you don’t know whether or not they’re listening, don’t you?”“What are you talking about? Who is listening to millions of phones in Moscow, and for what reason? You’re paranoid!”“Not at all.” Ksenia was absolutely serious. “Phones are tapped, and quite often. They don’t get everybody. Most people they won’t touch. But if a person lights up, if they are already being tailed, there will be an interest taken in them. Basically, I want to say one thing: live for fun, do everything slowly, as we’ve agreed, and don’t be afraid. Soon we’ll be riding in a Rolls-Royce. Just don’t forget: Kirill is a very dangerous man.”They got their coats on and went outside. The short winter day was rolling toward evening. Silhouettes of passersby were flashing past, with clouds of steam at their mouths. The streetlights were on.“There’s one more thing,” Ksenia said before they parted ways. “When you communicate with the intermediaries, write letters from my name. Explain that you’re my translator from the beginning.”“That’s obvious.”“See, you understand everything just fine.” Ksenia picked up the laces of Nina’s knitted cap and tied them in a bow. “Because you’re a real professional. That means everyone is going to rely on you.”What strange behavior from Kirill, Nina thought to herself on the way home. How could someone be so reckless as to trust a man who, year after year, oversaw tens of thousands of euros flow past? Or maybe Kirill already distrusted her. It was impossible to know if he had some secret weapon in store which would, if necessary, be used to delete both Ksenia and Nina, and anyone else who might be in his way. It was also impossible to know if Ksenia was going to use Nina as bait in order to have a look at the effect of this secret weapon. No, something like that couldn’t be. It was reasonable that she asked Nina to negotiate on her behalf. Nina was just a performer in someone else’s plan, so Kirill wouldn’t take revenge on her.When Nina got home, her mother was sitting in her room, hurriedly pounding on her keyboard, her face darkened with age. Nina knew that the article was long overdue, and that by the end of the week it would be too late to turn it in. The grant for the next expedition depended on this article. There was gray cigarette smoke seeping under the door of her room. It didn’t smell like anyone had cooked dinner, but Nina wasn’t worried about it. After that Chinese dinner she couldn’t even think about food or drink, at least until morning.With no greeting from her mother, Nina murmured almost inaudibly to herself, turned on the computer, and opened her inbox. Zoya Alexievna was so engrossed in her work, she didn’t even notice that someone had opened the door and come into the apartment. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] One week after that historic meeting, nothing had changed in Nina’s life. Just like before, she got up in the pitch dark, made coffee, quickly ate a little breakfast, got scared she might have missed her first class after riding the metro with a transfer halfway across Moscow, and ran across the street on the red light. She dashed down the echoing hall, unbuttoning her coat as she walked, and burst into a room where, out of ten students in the class, only three were waiting for her, and they were dozing at their desks, resting their heads.But behind all that was familiar and commonplace hid the expectations of great changes, which Nina had no desire to rush—they would come by themselves.Lucia, the Spanish colleague of Kirill’s, instantly caught Nina’s hint. Lucia got in on the game so quickly and willingly, Nina was suspicious. Had she been expecting this letter for a long time? Lucia’s cut would increase as well. Now she could take whatever she wanted from the Spanish couples and not have to report back to the Russian boss.By the middle of winter Nina had several pages recorded in her planner. It was a list of the names of children, numbered from one to twelve. Next to each name and surname was a date of birth, brief medical information, and other useful details. Ksenia had dictated the surnames to her. Nina had to go with her to Rogozhin several times—not for work, just for company. As someone to go to restaurants with, and to help her shake Ada down for new children. After all, babies were in demand in Spain, and they needed a contact in the children’s home, even if it was one as bloodthirsty as Ada. Lyudmila Dmitrievna from the department was waiting in the wings, too: she was the one with information on the more mature children.Nina shivered as she thought about the list. The figures ran through her mind as though she were watching a cash register—the amount they would receive per child multiplied by twelve. After Nina had calculated, recorded, and analyzed the results with a ballpoint pen, she felt dizzy. There just wasn’t room for such a huge figure in her mind. Nina’s thoughts were racing—about the old washing machine, about the kitchen, where there wasn’t any clear space or room for anything, and everything was piled on the tiny table by the window. It was impossible to cut up sausage and cheese there, it was so full. It was that way for now, at least.The two days flew by, and the figure gradually ceased to strike Nina as exorbitant. The number settled firmly in her mind, spreading around in there like pleasant interior heat. Nina was now engaged in an unusual job: studying the personal affairs of the Spanish couples and screening their profiles. The surname of a family who was eager to adopt soon appeared next to the name of each child.Nina felt like the ruler of these people’s destinies. She was feverish all the time and slept fitfully. It was her and nobody else who paired babies with parents. She penciled them in together on the list, and then forwarded their names by text message to Ksenia. It seemed to Nina that through the bustle of daily life she could discern the mechanism of fate, which was gradually beginning to move—slowly at first, as Nina was trying to understand what was happening and calm her nerves, then faster and faster, as the e-mails and text messages went out, and all the future parents sent her their letters. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] And then came the day when the wheel of fortune spinning gently beneath Nina’s hand made its first turn. Nina felt like the earth was rumbling, not unlike the ice breaking up on a river in spring or the roar of a train on its departure. Nina would startle, Ksenia would startle, Vitya the driver would startle, and soon, one by one, the train cars would roll past them, gradually picking up speed.The first Spanish couple invited to Russia without Kirill in the mix came at the end of January.“Everything’s good, Nina,” Lyudmila said in parting. “The boy’s mother is just a Gypsy, and nobody knows who the father is. I just don’t know how to tell the foreigners about this.” She sighed and gave Nina a sad look. “You tell them, okay? Just not too much.”So what? What about it? Nina thought. Why is that such a big deal? Plenty of Spaniards are themselves Roma. They have that Andalusian look—swarthy, brown-eyed. And anyway, what does it matter?“We always get lots of Gypsies in Rogozhin,” Ada Mitrofanovna told her an hour later at the children’s home. “I remember them since childhood. My mother is deceased, but she always used to scare us: Don’t ever step outside our courtyard or the Gypsies will make off with you! We were always afraid of them, real terror. What’s there to be afraid of? Other children don’t have any use for all their grubby children. They used to be nomadic, but the Soviet authorities banned their roaming. So they built houses, and now they live the old-fashioned way. The children multiply one after another, and they’re all there—that’s if the lady gets married. But if she drops one by surprise, it gets surrendered to the state.”Nina had seen a few Roma houses along the road during her travels. They were large and affluent, but each one had some awkward flaw—disproportionately tall, or had rows of confused windows or idiotic haphazardly placed columns. Some of them were potbellied houses, like a woman about to give birth. Ada claimed there were carpets in the houses, expensive dishes, home theaters, computers—everything the Roma considered prestigious. But the toilet was always outside, and the little wooden outhouse always stank up the whole neighborhood. There was always garbage all over the place and skinny dogs wandering around. Their dirty children would run along the side of the road shouting, making faces at passing vehicles. Once they chucked a rock at Ksenia’s SUV. They were going fast and the rock hit the trim. The boys disappeared immediately, and Ksenia didn’t stop.Nina had met Gypsies a few times in the past.When she was twelve years old, Zoya Alexievna brought her along to a scientific outpost three hundred kilometers north of Moscow. It was surrounded by a dark, almost impenetrable forest with all sorts of animals and birds. Nina and her mother went out in it to gather mushrooms. Her mother collected mushrooms like a professional, forging into the taiga with skill: she got up before dawn, drank a hurried cup of coffee, and wandered through the woods until lunch, and then Nina, half-dead from fatigue, barely managed to drag home the heavy basket filled with mushrooms—humble birch boletes and aspen lining the bottom, an artful display of whites on top—smooth, carefully chosen with no wormholes, covered with fern leaves and decorated with a wild raspberry sprig, its berries thick and ripe.“Remember,” her mother lectured her, “all these mushrooms are edible. Even the stinkhorns and staghorns. You can get by in the forest; mushrooms help you survive. The most important thing is finding them and preparing them correctly. There aren’t that many poisonous mushrooms in our forests. Death cap”—her mother stopped and held her fingers up to Nina’s face—“destroying angel, panther cap, silverfish, sulfur tuft, cortinar. It’s the death cap mushroom that is very poisonous. In the old days, village ladies used them to poison their rivals.”To Nina’s delight, so many noble, clearly recognizable mushrooms were growing around the biological station that they had to be cut with a knife rather than picked by hand, and it wasn’t until evening that Nina found it necessary to scrub the slippery spatula and knife of the wood-rot smell from the staghorn mushrooms. It never occurred to her to refuse to go into the woods—gathering mushrooms for the winter was a mandatory family affair. When her exhausted father arrived from Moscow on the weekends, he, too, was handed a basket and sent out into the woods.When she went for mushrooms, Nina’s mother dressed as a seasoned surveyor: khaki trousers, a Japanese expedition jacket, and a scarf on her head. She probably looked just fine in the forest, but every time Nina was afraid somebody would see her—her mother’s mosquito netting really embarrassed her. They stepped off the path onto the forest road, and suddenly there were clomping noises behind them, and a cart drawn by a shaggy horse came right at them from around the bend. A man and a woman were sitting in the cart: Gypsies. They were authentic, not like the ones Nina caught a glimpse of here and there on the commuter trains. The woman had big gold teeth, a beaded necklace, and a multicolored kerchief over her gray-black hair. The man had on a white shirt and a brown felt hat.Classic Gypsies, just like in the movies, Nina thought with admiration, looking at them with wide eyes.“Whoa!” The man jerked the reins. The cart stopped, and the horse’s muzzle was right in front of Nina’s face. The horse squinted her woozy eyes and drooled as she chomped on her bit.“Mother dear,” the Gypsy woman said, addressing Nina’s mother. Her voice sounded calm, and Nina couldn’t see anything hostile in her colorful appearance.But then something strange happened. Nina looked at Zoya Alexievna and was dumbfounded: her heroic naturalist mother—a surveyor with many years of experience in her jaunty mosquito netting—froze, her face paler than all the toadstools in the forest.“Quickly,” her mother hissed. “We need to get out of here fast.” She grabbed Nina’s arm and dragged her away.“She just wanted to ask you something,” Nina said.“Quickly,” Zoya Alexievna repeated through gritted teeth.“Hey, mother dear, you don’t have to be scared of us,” the Gypsy shouted after them.But her mother didn’t even turn her head; she hauled Nina along the forest road to the biological station.“Giddyup!” The man let the reins go slack, whistled, and the cart swept by, rattling its empty milk bottles and spattering Nina with sweet-smelling horse sweat.Encountering Gypsies in Rogozhin awakened Nina’s memory of summer, those woods, a spray of sun showering down through the branches, and stomping down that sandy path through the pine and birch. Those people had been gathering mushrooms, but her mother seemed to think it was unsporting for them to do their collecting so close to the biological station. Now, meeting Roma in Rogozhin, Nina wondered: Are these even Gypsies? Where are the beaded necklaces? The shaggy horses? The multicolored kerchiefs? Are these ugly, unclean people Gypsies as well? Where did all their Gypsy stuff go?While the Spanish couple were having their get-acquainted session with the Gypsy baby, Nina and Ksenia sat in an empty office and waited for Ada. The door was open, and Nina saw how they brought quite a cute little girl out into the hallway, like a china doll with a face so strikingly pale it looked powdered. Nina knew the story already: this girl’s name was Alya, she had a serious heart defect, and it was prohibited for her to be shown to the adopting foreigners. Ksenia lamented this part every time. She knew that if she were to be offered to a Spanish couple they would take the girl, get her the surgery she needed, and take her to the swimming pool and ballet lessons. The trouble was, Alya wasn’t allowed to fly to Spain, so they simply would not have been allowed to take such a child.“Spaniards,” Ksenia explained, “will take any children. Because they’re crazy.”“Who’s crazy?” Nina didn’t understand.“Spaniards. The ones who come to us are, at any rate. Each and every one. And this is good fortune for us. In Rogozhin they know Spaniards will take children with problems. They’ll take any of them, and yet somehow we have to push a healthy abandoned one on them instead of this girl.”“What happens to the problem children?” asked Nina. “This is a real tragedy.”“There’s no tragedy.” Ksenia bit into an apple. She had managed to stop by the market and bought a bucket of sweet Moldovan apples, which had been rolling around in the trunk all evening, smelling up the whole car. Ksenia always bought things by the box, bucket, package, and case. “Miracles happen with such children. We let some Spaniards adopt a girl who weighed nine hundred grams at birth.”“Nine hundred?” Nina was shocked. A bag of cookies and a piece of sausage were the first things that came to her mind that weighed nine hundred grams. “Could a baby really weigh so little?”“Maybe. A normal baby carried to term most certainly would not. But if he had been born at six months, easily. They can get ones like that from us.”“They actually take them?”“They sure do!” Ksenia giggled. “And by the way, we never hide anything from the Spanish parents, not birth weight or any other unpleasant ramifications.”“What would be a ramification?”“Anything. You see, it doesn’t matter if a grown person weighs a hundred kilos or fifty. A grown person’s mental faculties are not affected by weight. But babies are different. Development, intelligence, health—everything depends on weight.”“So if a child is born prematurely, it means automatic disabilities?”“Of course not. If you care properly for the premature and if they are engaged well, they grow up to be indistinguishable from a normal child after three years. Even a baby born weighing nine hundred grams. But this, unfortunately, is not the only thing that matters.”“What else is there?”“The mothers matter. The mothers are just the chickens that laid eggs that year. They drink all through their pregnancies, shoot up, get ravaged by diseases. Or hunger—imagine what that does. Healthy children are not born to hungry mothers. Also genetics, Nina. You ride around to all the villages these days. Take a close look at the faces. Look at the common people you run into on the street, buying potatoes in the market. Authentic degeneracy.”“That’s not true,” Nina replied, instantly remembering the groomed faces of the Rogozhin officials. “Sometimes it is, but they’re not all like that.”“Not all of them, of course.” Ksenia nodded. “This area, by the way, is known for a special breed of beautiful, stately Russian people. The women are selected for their beauty, the men for their heroism. Want a good example? Take a look at our judge, the prosecutor, the court secretary, and Vera, the children’s home nurse. So many words could be written about their pictures! These are the beauties all the Americans take to get married, or they might become the anorexics in the modeling agencies. And yet what foreigners ever get a chance to see these ones? They’re quietly working as nurses in the children’s homes or court secretaries and never get out.”“What is it about genetics?” Nina remembered that part.“Ah, genetics. You see, the majority of the Russian children we give to foreigners are not spawned by Vera or the judge, but by hedge-born sluts. And they inherit all the crap—congenital alcoholism, propensity to vagrancy, weak little minds. All those noses like house slippers, all the little button eyes. Recently some Spaniards took a girl named Katya, remember? Katya’s mother lost custody of her five children; Katya was the youngest. And Katya’s grandma, her mother’s mother, lost custody of her own children as well—gave them up of her own volition, Ada told me. And so on and so on.”“So this means the children we send abroad will always be the worst ones?”“What are you saying! They’re a hundred times better. They gain weight, grow up, and surpass the locals. They turn out smarter than their parents, even if they have ‘mild mental retardation.’ Because the Spanish parents themselves have a heavy dose of this retardation.”“How do you figure?”“I can’t explain it to you. It’s a feeling, that’s all.”“I don’t know.” Nina shook her head. “I talk with them a lot. And they’re perfectly normal. You may in fact be legitimately xenophobic.”“Maybe,” Ksenia agreed evasively.After the children’s home, they went to the hotel. Everything was as usual: the door was locked from the inside, and Ksenia was sitting in a chair. There hadn’t been time for consideration, but the Spanish parents didn’t require it. The transaction took place, and Ksenia was carefully recounting the money, examining and thoughtfully folding it into several stacks of good, clean euros.The return trip was a breeze. The road was empty, and Ksenia took advantage by driving in the left lane. Her cheeks were flushed, her skin smooth, and her eyes twinkled evenly in the warm light, like Bulgakov’s Margarita when she smeared herself with the magic salve, climbed on a broomstick, and flew off to smash the Dramlit House. She had this thought, that it was her pupils rather than the car’s headlights that were illuminating the road.“And they say love decorates a woman,” Nina reflected. “That’s a lie. Love doesn’t do this. Money’s what decorates a woman.”A neat wad of green found its way into Nina’s backpack that evening as well: ten hundreds wrapped in a ten, folded in half. This was the first time Nina had gotten so much money—for mediation and organizing the delivery of the Spanish couple to Rogozhin. And this was just an advance; she had another payment coming.Nina held the backpack on her lap, clasping it tightly like someone might try to rob her. Somehow she didn’t feel that mischievous, scintillating joy that had previously overtaken her whenever Ksenia offered her work for two crisp green bills—a hundred a day. Nina put them away in her purse on the way back to Moscow, lost in her dozing, already having seen how much happiness can be extracted from life in exchange for these green rectangles.But now there were so many rectangles that Nina had trouble even fantasizing what it would be possible to buy for such an exorbitant amount. Instead of a scintillating joy, it was a satiated stupor. In her mind’s eye there was a random heap of completely unnecessary ladies’ coats and boots. Nina never wore them, never even tried them on, just looked at them briefly in the window when she was hurrying past. What is all this kitschy stuff? she kept thinking. Who buys all this? Now she understood who: the lucky ones like her, with a wad of green bills in a backpack.She and Ksenia agreed to meet up over the weekend. They decided to walk around Moscow and go to stores. They had plenty of money right now because the new season had just begun, so why not indulge in some innocent fun? After all, they deserved it. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] “I can’t afford them, you know,” Nina admitted to Ksenia.They had taken a leisurely stroll around the boutiques in a shopping center until they got to the Levi’s store.“I kind of like them. But I look at the price and I can’t do it.”“You can overpower yourself,” Ksenia advised.“It won’t work.”“Then let’s figure this out. How much did you say they cost?”“Five thousand eight hundred.”“Rubles,” Ksenia clarified.“Of course.” Nina smiled. “Five thousand eight hundred rubles. For pants. Even for very good jeans, for genuine original Levi’s. But that’s someone’s salary. Lots of people earn that in a month.”“You would starve if you spent a measly five thousand on a really cool pair of jeans?”“Almost six.”“Acknowledged. But one way or the other, the money you have with you right now is not your last. You have other money, and eventually there will be more. Why are you hitting the brakes?”“I can’t throw out so much as a rag—that’s why I’m hitting the brakes.”“We’re not talking about a rag.”“So what are we talking about?”“About you. About your good spirits. It’s not a rag, it’s a beautiful pair of jeans. Not only that, but they look great on you—they hang just right on those skinny legs. You’ll feel great about yourself in them, am I wrong?”“No, but I can live without them.”“You could get by. But you work hard and make a lot of money, and that means you have a right to satisfy your whims. Of course, this isn’t much better than a rag. And it’s expensive. But you should buy this expensive piece of cloth right here and now to please yourself. Learn to pamper yourself,” Ksenia concluded. “Like it, buy it. That is the meaning of money.”“Oh, I don’t know,” Nina said, still in doubt.She carefully felt the velvety-soft jeans, artfully faded in a fabulous color.“Then let me have them. I’ll buy them for you,” said Ksenia.“No, no, what do you mean?” Nina asked, confused. She hadn’t expected their conversation would take such a turn. “You don’t need to do that, I’ll buy them myself.”“It is your whim to wear these jeans, and it is mine to get them for you as a present right now. We were just talking about what’s necessary to satisfy our desires, in terms of no longer wanting.”Nina did not notice how they ended up at the cash register. A diminutive girl with a gold stud in her nostril tucked the jeans in a brand-name bag and handed it to Nina.“As a matter of fact,” said Ksenia, “today I want to buy everything I like, and not refuse myself anything.”Deep down, Nina was terribly pleased with the jeans and in complete agreement with Ksenia. You had to please yourself in the here and now and buy everything your heart desired. Even if it desired a lot.The bright sun broke through the glass roof of the shopping center. Patches of white light fell on the faces of the shoppers and the expensive things on display.“Oh look, what a great handbag,” Ksenia exclaimed. “Look, look. See?”She was holding a large red leather handbag.“But the price! Wow.”“Do you think it suits me? What am I going to wear with it?”Ksenia dressed simply. Sporty things of various brands: tracksuits, sweaters, jackets, or jeans and a shirt. Sneakers on her feet. She was convinced that the Rogozhin functionaries liked her precisely for that.“I don’t know.” Nina was doubtful. “It doesn’t seem like you have anything to wear with it.”“So, I shouldn’t buy it? But I like it!”“Like it, buy it. But then take everything else, too. A whole wardrobe of clothes. Just a whole lot of things.” Nina was improvising. “For example, a jacket, two pairs of shoes to match it, a sweater—maybe two. Tights, jewelry, stockings, handkerchiefs—those are just accessories. It’s time to buy another skirt for that pullover, a blouse for that skirt, and for the blouse a jacket . . . Maybe you should try something else on, eh?”“I can’t. I’m tired.” Ksenia laughed.Two hours later they left the shopping center with large shopping bags. Ksenia bought jeans for Nina, the handbag for herself, and lots of other things—an elegant skirt, which she spent a long time in the dressing room trying to put on backward with the zipper in front, like with jeans, an elegant blouse—the price of which made Nina dizzy—a spring jacket, a pair of low platform shoes, and a whole pile of tights.“Here’s what we should do now,” Ksenia said. “Let’s go to Seventh Continent and buy any food we want. Do you have a gastronomic fantasy at all? Something you’ve always wanted but never had?”“I do,” Nina answered after reflecting on it. “Black caviar.”“Ha-ha, what a coincidence!” Ksenia said in triumph. “I’d like to try that, too. There was no eating caviar back when we were with Kirill!”They drove to Seventh Continent, passed through the trading floor, and found themselves in the fish department.Black caviar in a locked glass case of delicacies. It was sold in different-sized cans: small, medium, and large.“Which should we get?” asked Ksenia.“Let’s just do a small. Just a couple pieces of bread’s worth each—two for you, two for me.”“Two’s not enough. Once you eat it, you’ll want more. We have to get enough so that we don’t end up wanting more.”“Never?”“Why never? Just enough to make you feel full this time. Just have a good dinner of caviar.”“Then you pick it.”“I’ve already picked it. Give us that can,” Ksenia said, addressing the saleswoman. “No, no, the one on the left. The half kilo of caviar.”Soon Nina was holding something unprecedented: a round metal can decorated with pictures of caviar and the coarse face of a sturgeon. She had seen the exact picture in the unforgettable Book of Tasty and Healthy Food as a child.Nina thought about the food customs of her childhood. They were the customs her parents brought with them from work. The jar of precious caviar was on the shelf with barely edible canned fish, soy pasta, and soy-based candy, the stuff all the stores had that was in little demand.“Well, and well again,” she said slowly, in disbelief.“Thank you, money.” Ksenia smiled. “And you, Nina.”“Now a loaf of white bread and a pack of butter.” Nina was in a hurry, like she was afraid someone might grab the sturgeon can. “Damn, I’m having a hard time orienting myself in this Continent store. Where’s the milk section? And the bread?”“What do you need those for? You’ll fill your belly with bread instead of caviar. That would be so dishonest.”“How are we going to eat it?”“With chips. You’ll see, it’s very good.”Soon they were sitting down in Ksenia’s house, opening a bag of potato chips. They opened the can of sturgeon caviar and a bottle of white wine with little effort. They poured the wine in glasses, took some chips out, and scooped up the caviar. Fried potatoes with black caviar—an unexpected but interesting combination. Nina took another chip and dipped again.“Well, how is it?” Ksenia asked.“Really good. Just unusual.”“Of course!” Ksenia laughed. “It’s unusual to get so much.”“I don’t mean the amount. It’s just that caviar on white bread and butter is more palatable.”“Next time we’ll buy bread and butter. Now dig into the caviar.”Nina took another chip from the bag, then another. It was a strange thing: the hunger had passed, and she didn’t feel like having any more. The coveted taste of caviar quickly lost its novelty. The chips smelled like potatoes, onions, and vegetable oil, and the caviar itself seemed tasteless.“It’s no wonder,” Ksenia said through her stuffed mouth. “Here’s my advice: next time we’ll get the red.”Half an hour later the blue tin can, a pipe dream of Nina’s from childhood, was empty. The wine was gone, too, and Nina got ready to go home.By evening it was cold outside. The puddles were frozen, and the traffic lights shivered and blinked in the intersections and pedestrian crossings. Nina walked quickly to the metro on the brittle ice. She was sad. So you can kill any dream, she realized. Take enough of what you wish, and pig out until you vomit. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] On the day they came into Nina’s life, the Levi’s were the color of the autumn sky.And compared to this, everything else seemed petty and insignificant.At home, Nina took the jeans out of the bag, put them on the table, and lovingly ran her hand over the velvety cotton. She sat down and thought about it.Distressed Levi’s, street fashion. These were passwords.Time flowed in the opposite direction and took Nina with it.And she remembered.She was in eighth grade. And they were in ninth.Every morning she walked past them on the way to school—she, a smart, quiet good girl with skinny legs, cheap boots, and an overcoat that was slightly too small.Nina noticed them from afar—they were smoking beside the gate—and they occupied her entire attention.They showed up together but soon noticed that Nina was there and that they had company. It was two girls—Nina didn’t know their names. They were a beautiful, dangerous, fashionably dressed duo.They were very fashionably dressed indeed—better than everyone else. The best. The rest of the girls at school were dressed in plain, pathetic rags by comparison.And their names.Nina didn’t like her own name. It seemed like nothing to her: typical and flat. Nina dreamed of having some other name—Martina, Magdalena, or, at the very least, Kristina. Her name rolled off the tongue like a round stone, but her heart pounded and her breath seized up at Martina!As a child she invented stories with a main character named Martina, and all the stories were about her.But her name was still Nina. She could never forgive her parents for this name.And they—those two—had real names, names that once you heard them, you’d never forget them: one was Ruslana, the other Yana.Ruslana was tall and thin and had dark hair. Yana was a little giggle box with a perfectly made-up face. Ruslana was part Gypsy; at school they said that Gypsy ran in her blood. Her hair was cut short. It was very dark, straight hair that stuck out in all directions. Her hairstyle was called a French sweep. Ruslana made up her eyes and her lips, but not much, just barely. Makeup was really an optional thing for her—that was why it was so noticeable on her. Her eyes blazed with a dark fire, and she was a standout among the whole popular crowd at school.And Yana laughed so much she had laugh lines around her mouth. Enchanting, very delicate lines. Yana’s hair was dyed multiple colors: light blond with white feathered tips, fiery red tendrils, and dark cinders of ash. Nina liked looking at Yana’s hair. Nobody had ever had this hairstyle, not just in their school, but in the entire city of Moscow. Ruslana and Yana existed as separate entities, each her own bright-eyed and lovely self. Even in the dead of winter, they had all kinds of skin exposed and managed to keep up the smells and colors of summer.Once Nina saw Yana running down the street by herself. She seemed small and helpless from a distance, like Thumbelina. The summer rain was lashing steeply, pounding against the leaves, and her sneakers were slapping on puddles. Her jacket was darkened from the rain. She folded her arms to shelter herself from the cold—plaintively, like she was begging for something. Nina thought she could hear the knocking of Yana’s little heart.Another time someone said Yana fainted. Right there in the classroom—thud, and there she was, lying on the ground. Everybody jumped up and made a fuss—it was like Yana had died. But she wouldn’t just die like that; all she did was switch off. They laid her out on some chairs, and she stayed there unconscious until somebody gave her smelling salts. And then she revived like nothing had happened. Her bird soul had flown out the window, circled around over the city, and come right back.Nina so wanted to ask her, Where were you, Yana? What did you see? Are they telling the truth about the tunnel and the light? Or is there no such tunnel, but only cold and darkness? But of course she didn’t say anything.Ruslana raged, Yana laughed. They went about school as a distinct pair and felt very distinctly about each other. They hardly ever talked to anyone else, but after school the handsome boys all followed them around and went off with them somewhere.But these weren’t their boyfriends. This was something different.Ruslana and Yana didn’t even notice Nina. When she went up on the school porch in her jacket made for teenagers, they stayed in a close grouping, like there was nobody else in their vicinity. Living as a stranger next to girls like this doesn’t just give you a feeling of indifference—in time it rubs you out, like a shaggy gray eraser. The whole universe can be destroyed if you pretend it doesn’t exist. In Nina’s life, which was so coherent and full of important things like smart books, good grades, and university mandatory in her future, their presence didn’t have any value. But if they saw someone else as worthy of their attention—someone who was interested in them—they were transformed. They took on a spiky, greenish glow. Yana looked so unhealthy when she laughed, rough around the edges like she’d fallen in dishwater. And Ruslana plunged into an infernal darkness, but she didn’t just fall into it—she went there prudently and stylishly, like otherwise only runway models can do.Nina couldn’t get Ruslana and Yana out of her head. Whenever she wasn’t busy, she could make out their dark silhouettes on the wrong side of every thought. And at night she saw them in her dreams—they pierced her soft, thick sleep like two cold bullets.At recess they went to the school’s backyard and smoked. Ruslana smoked furiously and with hatred. She did everything with hatred, shooting dark sparks all around herself, while Yana gamboled about like an ornamented monkey. They were always either silent or talking about something in a low voice, but even in their silence Nina was able to guess so much!They seemed to share a certain Secret Knowledge.But the issue wasn’t about silence or this Secret Knowledge.The issue was something different.The issue was that Nina had nothing to wear.Absolutely nothing.It was a raw wound that corroded her soul since the day she discovered she had nothing, nothing—absolutely nothing!—to wear. There was a whole regiment of downtrodden blouses, sweaters, and skirts that her mother had bought or that someone had given away or donated. Some of those things even came with price tags—the former owners couldn’t find any way to make them stylish so they just got rid of them. Of course they did! Nina understood these people: she could never be seen in any of these prim, dated garments, like that jacket her mother used to wear from her research institute, and the dress bought in the adolescent department at Children’s World. They couldn’t even be worn out into the courtyard, let alone to school, where Ruslana and Yana were always smoking near the gate.There was a girl in their class named Liza. In the summer this Liza wore gold chains with pendants, and she went about in the winter in a squirrel fur coat, which was bought for her by her papa, who was the head of the department store.Liza was proud of her fur coat. It was funny to watch! Funny and silly: Is there really joy to be had in a fur coat?The joy was, of course, not in the fur coat.The joy was in something different.Nina never wanted anything—not coats, gold trinkets, or pendants.She was indifferent to all of that.For quality of life she still needed a few basic imported things.Very basic.Just for walking down the street.Things the stores never had.This was her secret. Nobody knew about this.First she needed sneakers. Fancy white sneakers, smooth and well formed like flower buds, preferably American Nikes, definitely not the Adidas so many other kids wore. Adidas sneakers were sold in the stores, so they didn’t have the sort of price that would take an antiques collector decades to afford. It needed to be immediately apparent that they were from abroad.Second, jeans. Only, not some cheap crap made in India. Not some lame Montana-brand jeans, but different: blue, realistically faded, with neatly stitched seams. Levi’s—Nina had seen them on Ruslana and Yana.Then a knit blouse with a hood, preferably two. Oh, and all sorts of T-shirts with words across the whole chest, so they kind of stretch out. And other T-shirts, too.But Levi’s were the main thing: Nina thought they would instantly and permanently change her whole life.Those were the things she genuinely desired.But she couldn’t have any of them.It’s not that other people were wearing them—they just weren’t anywhere.So her life remained the same.She had a political map of the world hanging above her bed. Africa resembled a patchwork quilt—various multicolored scraps, smooth around the edges. Nina liked to stare at it in bed—Africa was right at her eye level. And Latin America—the human lung of the anatomical atlas—wasn’t particularly interesting to her, despite its Spanish language. Or the distant yellow tortilla of Australia, or the bird splat of New Zealand, or the blue satin of the Pacific. She didn’t think much about Easter Island. Or the Cape of Good Hope. Even her beloved Spain didn’t capture her attention in this sense. But the United States of America and Canada—those were something! They were too far away, though. More than anything she was interested in countries that were closer: Sweden, Germany, Finland. You could buy anything you wanted there. There was even some stuff imported from Poland, and Poland had been socialist not that long ago.If Nina could have made herself invisible, she’d have stared at Ruslana and Yana for an hour. And it would be her happiest hour on earth. Her eyes would run over their jean jackets, and from their jeans to their shoes, rings, purses, and bracelets. Even though she was visible, she still looked at them and memorized it all and could later describe in detail everything they were wearing. The things had a certain pull for her. Each one concealed secrets: how and where it was acquired, how much it cost, what brand it was, what kind of material, and the most important thing—most important!—what secret world it would appear from when it entered her reliable, inhabitable, but so unbearably homogenous world. Behind every one of these things hid a country and city with colorful advertising—cities where the most important and attractive buildings weren’t the museums or historical buildings, but stores, stores, stores.And streets, where hundreds of girls with dyed hair were dressed just as luxuriously and casually as Ruslana and Yana.The kids at school always talked about this one girl who jumped out a window. She killed herself because she had nobody to walk around with. And Nina knew that thing, that arid desert, that hole that exuded such an icy draft. That eternal self-doubt was worse than acne.Nina used to show up at school, and everything would become immediately clear, though completely unspoken, and Yana and Ruslana would look past her at a building that could barely be seen through the heavy fog of early spring. They looked past Nina until she climbed the stairs in her cheap boots, in her drab jacket made for teenagers, carrying an oilcloth bag with an ugly bow on it that was bought for cheap in the cooperative store. She wanted to tear the bow off the bag, but then the whole bag would come apart and she didn’t have another one.But in fact it was something quite different that Nina was searching for, and all these things were not really to blame.But she wasn’t capable of understanding this back then.She lived only half a life, like a partial moon, looking for a way to fill the void, and that void could only be filled with things.Nina didn’t know any other way.There was a certain pattern of blouse that she used to sew for herself. She sewed satin pants for herself as well, and then she tie-dyed them. She wore these things only for herself, walking around the apartment, approaching the mirror in the hallway dramatically. A shaft of white light lit up the mirror behind the door, and it gave a lunar shimmer as it reflected an awkward teenager, a thin, timid moon.Days passed, and she remained a partial moon.She had no way to take on a more ethereal form.Up until that spring day, this issue was very important to her.Nina asked to leave early that day. She said she had a headache and needed to leave. But she wasn’t really in pain; she just wanted to go home. She buttoned her coat in the coatroom, then opened the door and went outside. A taut blast of air hit her in the face, and her breath seized up; somewhere very high up in the rarefied atmosphere of the sky there were currents of warm and cold moving around, and these movements gave rise to a strong wind. The smell of the air outside was bitter after the smell of the school locker rooms, and there was a hint of the restless fragrance of early flowers. The bare branches of the ash and linden trees swayed over Nina’s head. There were a few rags hanging from the branches that had been thrown out the windows of the school, and nobody ever thought to take them down. When the trees were covered with leaves in the summer, the rags weren’t visible, but in the early spring wind they floated in the air like dirty flags.Nina thought she should face the direction spring was coming from.She closed her eyes for a moment.And when they opened again, Ruslana and Yana were in front of her.They were smoking and talking softly about something. They were dressed almost exactly alike: short denim skirts, ankle boots, fishnet stockings, leather jackets, and those scarves with metallic threads woven into them. The tips of their scarves fluttered in the wind, the dull flecks of metal reflecting the ghastly light of the overcast day.Ruslana removed a cigarette that had already been put out and tried to light it with a lighter in her cupped hands. Yana stood blocking her from the wind. The lighter finally worked, the fingers inside her cupped hand trembled for a moment, and when the cigarette came back out it had a tiny spark. Ruslana lifted her chin to the sky and released a cloud of smoke, which was immediately caught by the wind and carried away. In the next moment, she saw Nina.She looked her over from head to toe and asked, “What’s your name?”My name is Martina. Mar-ti-na, Nina thought, but aloud she said, “Nina.”From a distance Ruslana always seemed so tall to her, but up close the two of them seemed almost the same height. She had dim, anxious eyes that had deep shadows. It was unclear whether she looked like this due to fatigue and sleepless nights, or if it was in fact makeup in an attempt to look stylish.She is such a Gypsy, Nina thought. That’s for sure.“My name is Ruslana,” Ruslana said simply.“I know,” Nina said.“Where from?” asked Ruslana.“Everybody knows.”“Oh really?” Ruslana smiled.Yana was standing there smoking, too. She kept putting the cigarette up to her little painted mouth with quick, sharp movements, but Nina surmised it wasn’t anger or anxiety; these were just her mannerisms when smoking. And Nina suddenly realized that Yana was trying to imitate everything about Ruslana, but it wasn’t turning out well.Yana said something as well, but it was quiet and irrelevant. It seemed like she was asking Nina something, but the wind picked up her words and blew them away, and Nina didn’t answer.They interacted for a bit with banter that didn’t mean anything. Nina spoke calmly, like everything was perfectly normal, like her heart wasn’t rattling with excitement or bad feelings.She was surprised by how easy and natural her own voice sounded. An outsider would think this was just an ordinary conversation between three schoolgirls, and the only things that might have attracted the attention of passersby were the brand-name clothes Ruslana and Yana were wearing. Yet Nina was not herself. Being this close to them brought a vague anxiety, and Nina was aware of the sort of danger signals that came from being in the presence of beggars and Gypsies.“We’ve got some things right now,” Ruslana said when they were saying good-bye, and she was burning into Nina with her eyes. “Want to see them?”“Things like what?” Nina asked with indifference.See them? Boy, would she! Yes indeed, she would happily go anywhere with them right now! She had some money at home—she had been setting a little aside here and there, some that her father had given her, some that her mother had given her—for tutoring. But it wasn’t the money she was thinking about at that moment.“Just a few things.” Ruslana flicked her cigarette butt into the dark, melting snow. “Street fashion.”Her words stunned Nina.How about that! So now she knew what it was called.Street fashion, which was independent from both asexual designers and magazines full of lifeless beauties, and also wasn’t in the fashion stores, whose inventory was predictable. Street fashion depended only upon itself. The easy, momentary fashion of the city streets, which could take over your life—she couldn’t take hold of it but touched it lightly, like a brisk, warm summer breeze in the middle of the chilly spring.Those words stayed with Nina forever. They were a secret code that was activated that day.“This one boy sells them,” Ruslana added, figuring Nina wanted to ask about it but wasn’t brave enough. “His mother just came back from Finland. We’ll see you tomorrow in your courtyard with some samples. Where do you live?”Nina told them her address.“Tomorrow night,” Ruslana specified. “Just bring a little more money with you, okay?” she said, and Nina thought she sounded simple, almost domestic, and with somehow weary tones in her voice.“I will,” said Nina.This was crazy. Ruslana was talking to her like she was a good friend.“Hey.” Yana suddenly approached Nina with a sly smile. “Do you have any ephedrine?”“Yeah,” said Nina. “What for?”“What do you mean, what for?” Yana laughed. “Bring it! Do you have a lot of it?”“I don’t know.” Nina was confused. “I think my mother has a bottle in the medicine cabinet. How much do you want?”“However many there are, that’s how many I need.” Yana laughed. “Anything you can give me!”“Do you have a runny nose or something?”“A runny nose! I totally have a runny nose!” Yana held her stomach. She was laughing so hard she doubled over, like she wanted to get smaller. “Don’t you ever dip into it?”“No.”“You be quiet.” Ruslana pushed her friend in the side. “Stop laughing. Don’t listen to her,” she added calmly, turning to Nina. “Tomorrow night I’ll meet you in the courtyard, and we’ll look at the things together. Sound good?”“Sounds good.”The next day was a holiday, so Nina didn’t have to trudge to school in the morning.The morning sky was clear, but there was still a raging wind outside. The wind gave a low moan as it pawed softly at the window.Nina could hardly wait for evening to come. In her lesson with the tutor, she wrote something in a notebook, asked and answered questions, and thought about herself.By evening the wind died down.Nina saw Ruslana and Yana from afar: they were standing by a blue car and smoking.Nina could vaguely discern someone sitting behind the wheel.“We’re over here!” Yana yelled and laughed.She waved her arms and even jumped up and down. She always acted like this.“Sit down.” Ruslana nodded into the backseat. First Yana slipped in back. Nina got in the car and shut the door.“Did you bring it?” Yana asked softly.“What?” Nina didn’t understand.“What do you mean ‘what’?” Yana took out a tiny mirror and started putting on lipstick. “The ephedrine, like we agreed.”“Oh, that . . .” Nina reached into her pocket. “I brought it.”“Boo.” Yana made a face. “One bottle. But you promised a lot!”“I didn’t promise anything!” Nina was outraged.“All right,” Yana sighed, taking the pill bottle and opening her purse—it was canvas with a buckle and some foreign words on it. Nina would have given a lot for a purse like that. Maybe even a digit—not a finger, but a toe maybe. “That’s what you owe me for setting this up,” she added.“What are you talking about?”“You can have half a gram. From your bottle.”“I don’t want it,” Nina said.The driver was a man from their Gypsy clan.“Come on, Pavlik,” said Yana.Pavlik turned around from the front seat and handed Nina a sports bag, the kind adults carried in her neighborhood.She had seen him before, meeting Ruslana and Yana near the school, but at this point something struck her about Pavlik.He reminded her of a childhood memory.Nina was living at the dacha and went for a walk in the forest—she walked too far away from the old log house built before the war, went down to the ravine, then went up the hill, and the village disappeared into the centuries-old linden trees. The wind blew through the forest, and the sky was empty. Nina wandered on the grass among the trees, trying to remember which direction she came from, but she didn’t succeed. And then out there in the blackness of the evening, a green light flashed: it was the window of their dacha. Nina walked toward it, this tiny light flashing through a windy thicket of rustling grass taller than she was.She was afraid to lose track of that light, because then she would have to spend the night in the woods.Nina felt something like that now.Because she did know this: Ruslana and Yana were evil. Their evil was not childish cruelty, which eventually disappears without a trace. Nor was it the domestic bile of adults. Ruslana and Yana were genuinely dark. How this darkness found its way into two fashionably dressed girls who looked like gilded youth, Nina couldn’t fathom. She was burning with curiosity and peered eagerly into this living, breathing darkness, and the darkness drew her toward it, like an abyss draws you toward it if you lean over the railing when you’re standing on a tenth-floor balcony.And Pavlik . . . Nina could see light in the depths of his handsome face and felt immediately drawn to him. She sometimes noticed this deep, warm light in certain people, something ancient. When Nina saw him, her own light was awoken inside and she was drawn toward him. But the darkness in Ruslana and Yana was also quite ancient. When Nina noticed it, it woke her own darkness, which wanted to connect with another like it. Light showed itself inside her when she looked at Pavlik, and darkness did the same when she looked at Ruslana and Yana. She could feel the very contrast of her soul.No one else noticed this—not Ruslana, not Yana, and not Pavlik. Nina herself almost didn’t notice anything because her first thought was about whatever was in the sports bag.Meanwhile Ruslana rummaged in the glove box, then switched out the cassette that was playing.The car filled with music: cheap and sappy, the kind that penetrates right to the heart.A child was singing a simple arrangement. The music flowed freely, and the girl was worried about something. And dumbfounded, Nina was listening so closely she forgot why she came.“What group is this?” she asked.“Tender May,” said Yana. “This song is about an orphan in the children’s home.”Nina sat clenching her fists and staring at the back of Pavlik’s neck. She was afraid she just might cry from sadness and tenderness.The child’s voice would not let up, and for a while they listened to the cassette together.“Is there something you need?” Ruslana asked when the song ended.“In terms of?”“What kind of things do you want?”“Anything,” Nina said quickly.“What about money?”“I have money.”Yana began taking things out of the sports bag. Nina’s eyes dazzled with excitement. She pulled out the first thing: a yellow dress.“Look.” Yana grabbed the dress away from her and held it up to herself. “Cool, don’t you think?”“Very,” said Nina.“One hundred rubles.”“Expensive!” Nina couldn’t help it. “But what else do you have?”“Dresses, summer skirts—those are a hundred, too.” Yana rummaged through the things in a businesslike manner. “Here are some crop tops—these are fifty. Very chic! Looky-looky,” she said and held one up—magenta, embroidered with sequins.“You like it?”“It’s beautiful,” Nina mumbled.“Sandals . . .”Something silver glittered in Nina’s hands, something like tin foil, with thin heels. Yana held one of the sandals to her foot. “Look, these are too big for me. That means they’ll fit you just right.”“How much are they?” Nina asked.“One hundred twenty.”Nina’s heart was exploding: she had a hundred fifty rubles in her pocket.“Well, you take a look at all these, and we’re going out for a smoke.”“I will,” Nina promised.She still couldn’t shake herself free from the power of that youthful voice, which was now singing a new song.For a few seconds, even Yana listened in silence, too, her whole body having spasms like she was at a disco. Then she pulled a crumpled pack of Kents out of her pocket and got out, turning up the volume on the music and leaving the door open.Nina touched the edge of something blue and slippery. She spread it out and held it up to herself: a silk dress—too short, definitely above the knee. It was probably a perfect fit for Yana. After the dress came a plaid skirt and a green blouse with metal hooks instead of buttons. A men’s shirt made of a murky dark-blue cotton. A shawl with fringe. Pink shorts.That was all. Nothing else.What went wrong? Nina asked herself. Where were the sneakers, the leather jackets, the foreign jeans, the enchanting little blouses with hoods? Where was everything she needed that would fit her life? What even were these bourgeois rags?Never had she seen anything like it on Ruslana or Yana. Nobody in the fashionable cliques at school wore bright dresses and sequined tops. Who could imagine Yana in this blouse? Or Ruslana in this top? Gilded youth don’t dress this way.But could Nina leave without buying anything? She had no idea how to tell Ruslana and Yana.Uneasiness came over her.In that moment Pavlik, the keeper of the sports bag, sat down beside her.“Well, did you make up your mind on something?”“I don’t know.” Nina felt so embarrassed as she fingered some cloth.“Don’t they fit?”Nina kept quiet.“I get it.”There was an awkward pause.“Are you in school with Ruslana or something?”“Yeah, she’s one year ahead of me.”The cassette was playing.Pavlik looked closely at Nina with his adult eyes.It seemed like he, too, had fallen under the power of the rhythmic music and the child’s voice, which was still pouring from the speakers.“This one’s a good singer,” grunted Pavlik. “Makes all the girlies want to slit their wrists . . . I remember you. I’ve seen you a few times by the school. I thought, that girl looks so serious.”“Thank you,” Nina whispered and blushed.“For what?” Pavlik was surprised.“Just . . . because.”They were still silent, listening to the unassuming words of the song.Pavlik suddenly moved closer to her, as though he was bothered by a draft coming from the door next to him. Now his hip was touching Nina through his jeans and the corner of his red leather jacket, under which she could see a Lacoste shirt with a crocodile on it. Nina felt the warmth of his body and thought about a bonfire in the forest.There was an aching and heaving in her stomach.And Pavlik seemed to guess all this; he lifted his hand and ran his palm quickly over her breasts and stomach, like he was brushing away cobwebs. This momentary touch, so wanton and insolent, should have been scary, but Nina was not afraid. His fingers were benevolent; they demonstrated his indecision. And she suddenly wanted to squeeze his hand and sit next to him for a long, long time, so long it would never end. But the seconds came, passed, and turned into a memory, and then the fingers slipped away, and instead of them, it was the cold that crawled under Nina’s clothing.“You don’t have to,” Nina said for some reason when it was all over.“I won’t,” Pavlik said, and put his hand in his pocket. They were quiet. The song had ended, a new one hadn’t yet begun, and Nina found the silence deafening. Something was lacking, and it was painful. Her whole being felt a void with nothing to fill it.“Why are you like that?” she asked.“Like what?”“Like that,” Nina said, but she couldn’t really articulate what she meant, and threw out the first thing she came up with. “So sad.”“I don’t know. You’re not all that cheerful yourself.”“You know, all this stuff,” Nina said in a trembling voice, looking at the nonsensical clothes spread across the seat. “It’s actually something quite different that I need.”She didn’t understand the words that came out of her own mouth. The words were ahead of the thoughts.“I’m guessing you mean Levi’s?”Nina was amazed. Pavlik seemed to have read her thoughts, not only from the present, but from the past. His guess was dead-on.“How did you know about Levi’s?”“I happen to know a lot about you.”“Like for example?”“You love chocolate. And condensed milk.”“That’s right.” Nina smiled. “Anything else you know?”“You read smart books . . . You tried smoking.”“You’re right!”“You like kissing . . .”Even though she couldn’t see herself in the mirror, Nina could feel a sparkle in her eyes. She was all here now. Everything was on display. As if her clothes were ripped open. She was no longer a complex and contradictory maturing girl. This unfamiliar Pavlik had taken her soul and spread it out in the rigid palm of his hand.“And now for your surprise. Look.” He turned his tall, thin body around to look in the trunk and pulled out a crumpled package. “The bag’s messed up, but they’re still good.”Nina stuck her hand in the bag and couldn’t imagine what was next, but at the smooth touch of the fine cotton she knew. It was them.Faded jeans and a gray T-shirt with words on the chest. Nina looked at the pants and unfolded the shirt.“Street fashion?” she asked quietly.“Very much so.” Pavlik grinned.“Gap.” Nina said, reading the T-shirt. “I’ve never heard of it.”“It’s an American company,” said Pavlik.Nina’s face was burning. Even her ears. It felt like her heart was shaking the whole car, and that Pavlik would guess about her inner turmoil, and about this fire in her lower abdomen, and about this strange thirst, which Nina was feeling for the first time. In order to hide all this, she made an extensive examination of the jeans and T-shirt, turning them over in her hands, looking at them inside and out, and scrutinizing the labels. After a while these things were no longer the goal—they were an excuse. But then something happened totally by itself, without Nina’s participation: her hand went up in the air and settled shyly on Pavlik’s hair. His hair was warm and silky to the touch. Perhaps Pavlik dyed his hair—it was light and delicate, like a child’s. Nina’s fingers dug into Pavlik’s soft thickness while he sat motionless, staring ahead and listening to the tape. Then he turned and looked into her eyes like he was saying something to her, but she couldn’t hear anything.Nina took her hand back.“Listen,” Pavlik said to her. His voice was muffled, almost hoarse, like he was catching a cold or was out of breath after running fast. “You’ve been around with guys before, yeah?”“No, I haven’t. I really just can’t,” Nina answered very seriously.“You can’t?” Pavlik laughed. “Well, you don’t have to,” he said and patted her on the knee.Nina realized that was it. There would never be any more of what she had with him, and in a few minutes it would all be over—the fire would go out, the warmth would dissipate, and there would be a break in the music, which was now a boy singing something about the children’s home, though she really didn’t know what he was singing about. Nina hated herself for this embarrassment, for such a stupid answer, because the answer was supposed to be different.Something flashed outside the window of the car.Ruslana peeked in the open door, looked at Pavlik, and disappeared.Nina shuddered, not expecting to see someone else’s face. She had forgotten Ruslana was waiting.Suddenly Pavlik’s face went dark. It seemed like he was either angry at Nina somehow, or he felt embarrassed in front of Ruslana. Here he was messing with a silly teenager, and it turned out she wasn’t even a good target.“I’ll take the jeans and T-shirt,” Nina said quickly. “How much will that cost?”“I had an offer for eighty,” Pavlik answered in quite a different tone: brazen, businesslike. It was like Nina had been talking to a different person a minute ago. “Then the T-shirt, that’s fifty more. But right here right now, I’ll give them to you for a hundred twenty. One hundred and twenty rubles for the jeans and T-shirt. Sound good?”“Sounds good,” said Nina.Her fingertips were still warm from the heat of his blond hair. She felt like telling him: I know who you are. You’re different from this. Why are you playing this game now? Why pretend and talk in that tone? Are you afraid of Ruslana?Instead she folded her new things, put them back in the bag, and held out the money in silence. He took it without looking at her, counted it like a thief, and put it in his pocket.Nina got out of the car.Yana came over to her. “What did you take?”“Jeans and a T-shirt,” Nina said wearily.“For how much?”“One hundred twenty for both.”“Show me.”Nina opened the bag and Yana peered inside.“Super.” She was impressed. “You’re lucky—that’s a cool T-shirt!”“You really do look subpar sometimes,” Ruslana said with a dark smile, burning into Nina with her hateful eyes.“That music,” Nina murmured, barely holding back the tears. “The music was very beautiful.”“Ah, my love, don’t you love my boogers,” Yana said, mocking the song in a nasal voice, and then laughed. “Well, bye! Wear them in good health! And big thanks for the bottle.”Ruslana and Yana sat in the same spot where Nina has just been sitting with Pavlik. They lost interest in her. Pavlik turned the ignition, and the car crept slowly past Nina.How I long to keep them warm, I’ll kiss them and caress them, I don’t care, let everybody see me, white roses in their eyes, a teenage voice sang out of the open window.Nina was left in the courtyard by herself. She was holding a crumpled bag, inside of which was a dream—blue Levi’s and a pearl-colored T-shirt, very simple, lightweight, and pleasant to the touch. But Nina wasn’t happy with them. This wasn’t it, wasn’t it at all! It was just a substitution.Her happiness was late: it had shown up, but it mixed up its arrival time.The past wouldn’t let her go, and Nina didn’t struggle against it.Trying on the new jeans Ksenia had bought for her, Nina got worried all over again.Like there was nothing—not university, not all the years ahead of her, just the shy young moon that she was.She saw Pavlik plenty of times after that day. On the school porch, by the gate. Just brief glimpses. Everything about that spring day was in the past—the slowing of time, the voice on the cassette. All Nina had left were the jeans, which were now old. She had worn them until they had holes, and then she made them into shorts.Ruslana and Yana. A few years later she heard Yana died of an overdose. And Ruslana disappeared. It seemed like it had something to do with Yana’s death.It was dark beyond the window. She got up, went out of her room, and went to the mirror. She left her room door open, but the weak light of a desk lamp could hardly penetrate the darkness of the hallway. Nina had her back to the lamp, and her face wasn’t visible. The mysterious, flickering mirror reflected an unfamiliar dark silhouette. Who was that there in front of her? A university graduate, a graduate student who could recount the life of Salvador Dalí year by year, almost to the day? A successful businesswoman, a good fairy making connections for fate? Or maybe rather than any of that, it was that same flat-chested girl with skinny legs, a secret fan of the band Tender May, out of her mind for a black marketeer with dyed hair who took all her money in exchange for worn jeans and a faded T-shirt?Nina didn’t have an answer to this question. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Over the next month, heavy envelopes of adoption paperwork arrived for Nina almost daily. In the morning she threw on her mother’s knitted shawl and went downstairs for the DHL courier. It was like fate knocking at her door: Nina never knew exactly how many families she would receive in each envelope, and she marveled every time at how many clients she had.Little by little Nina’s room took on the form of a home office. The table was covered with stacks of documents she would never be able to make sense of in time, while her university books and textbooks sat humbly on the windowsill. The side table by the bed had been occupied for some time by the fax machine that Nina operated for Ksenia like a personal secretary.“What all do you have there?” Her mother was shocked as she looked at Nina’s table. Despite the mountain of magazines, books, and monographs, Nina’s room had always been relatively tidy. “What, are you going into management or something?”Out of Zoya Alexievna’s mouth, the word management sounded almost insulting.“They’re just having me translate some things,” Nina answered casually.“They’re just having you . . . You’ve been spending your time on this for a while, I can see very well. All that money you don’t actually earn. Have you forgotten about your dissertation? You still haven’t gathered all your material, and you’ve spent a hundred years in the library.”“Nobody in my generation is sitting in a library,” Nina said defensively. “We use the Internet. Just search in Google, and you can have anything you need.”“You’re mistaken, Ninochka.” Her mother wouldn’t leave. She stood next to the table, blocking passage. “The Internet is only suitable for satisfying idle curiosity. It’s not even allowed for use with scientific work. We had this one case—”“Of course you can use it for scientific work, Mama,” Nina interrupted. Her patience was running thin. “I’m not just going to gather papers my whole life without making my mark. These translations will end sooner or later, and until then I need to take advantage of them.”Nina rushed across the room, getting ready for school. Why do you need to get on my case? That’s why I came right back at you. She thought of her mother in exasperation. She stepped into the hallway and put on her coat and boots.“Bye, Mama.”She darted out the door, reproaching herself for her insensitivity.Still, though, I need to give her more money. Nina got in the elevator and pressed the button. There’s so much to do at home, and the dacha will need repairs in the summer. But tomorrow I’m back out on the road.The idea of getting back on the road was a constant reassurance to Nina. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The road—it was and always would be the road. It didn’t matter what it was actually called: street, highway, freeway, autobahn.And even more than that, the road would always be an adventure. Nina didn’t know beforehand what awaited her on the road. Maybe everything would go smoothly—drive there, drive back. But sometimes that wouldn’t be what happened.Ksenia talked about how she had a car catch fire when she was with some Americans—Kirill still didn’t have the Spanish connection set up yet. Ksenia used to take Americans to Rogozhin in a dilapidated old Zhiguli.“Oh no.” Nina shook her head. “What did you do?”“Nothing.” Ksenia smiled. “Pulled off the road, took a bottle of Coca-Cola, and poured it out all over the engine. Then the bottle was empty. Coca-Cola steam was pouring out from under the hood, and the Americans jumped out screaming. Finally some guy felt sorry for me and stopped, got a fire extinguisher out of his trunk, and the whole mess was wiped out in one second.”Nina knew that if there had been nobody to help, Ksenia’s car would have become a scorched skeleton in a matter of minutes, the sort of thing they had come upon more than once by the side of the road on the way to Rogozhin.How many times had Nina taken the drive to Rogozhin and back—seventy, maybe? A hundred? More?The road began for Nina early in the morning in her apartment, when she drank coffee in the dark kitchen, watching the illuminating streetlights and the floodlights in the dark silhouette of Belorusskaya Station. She was wearing jeans and a sweater. She remembered to bring her phone charger. Can’t forget anything. She took one more look over the documents translated and certified the night before and remembered who they have to pay off and where to find those people. It was lazy to have to be thinking on the road—it’s better to get that done at home.It was best to dress modestly on these trips. An interpreter must be as harmless and respectable as a neutered house cat. An interpreter must be trusted not to be afraid. An interpreter must above all else make a good impression, but not too good—she must be trustworthy and fearless as long as she’s there, and when she leaves she must be forgotten.Two words: wear jeans. Only not too threadbare and—God forbid—no tears in the fabric, holes, or ragged bits. A warm, homey sweater. Sneakers and a half-parka jacket with wooden toggles. Everything very cozy, cultural, meticulous—like a schoolgirl in pictures out of a French language textbook. It didn’t matter that the schoolgirl was over thirty. Interpreter is an ageless profession.On summer mornings the Moscow air was clear and fresh, and in the city center, whining sleepily, the street-sprinkler cars toured around like big orange bark beetles. A dense shadow was cast over all the apartment buildings. The city hadn’t yet woken up.Tverskaya Street, the Kremlin.In the canals of the Zamoskvorechye District, the water was turning pink.Vitya headed for the hotel first thing, where they dropped off the hushed Spanish couple. The echoes of nightlife in the hotel had not yet subsided at that hour. The slot machines twinkled their multicolored lights. Tired prostitutes in rumpled dresses came out of the elevator. Nina looked at them with compassion: she, too, catered to foreigners and then was forgotten about.Winter mornings came late.A sea of darkness, Nina thought, staring into the blackness out the window. Like they called the Atlantic Ocean in the Middle Ages. You can understand right away what happened: a captain was standing on deck looking through a telescope, and all around there was no ocean, no horizon. What was out there—sharks? Reefs? There were violet-colored circles before his eyes. Maybe he himself was no longer alive. He had died and didn’t notice! “Oh, lord, the sea of darkness, the sea of darkness,” muttered the captain in horror. And then he went down into his cabin and made note of a prepared place name on the map.At eight it was still dark, but it was beginning to get light by nine. Winter dawn resembled the color of tea with milk. Occasionally the sun came out from behind the clouds in a pale lemon circle.But on spring mornings the city had two different suns. One hung in the sky, the other followed behind the Barguzin, sliding along the windows of the apartment buildings on the glassed-in balconies and loggias. The most agile of its light hid itself in an empty bottle thrown on the sidewalk. It dipped into the rearview mirror, and from there jumped to Vitya’s face.Each road had a different look about it. Straight and wide, not unlike a strip of runway in the middle of some fields. A rough village road, with its flat, dried-out frog corpses, so far away from Moscow it felt like you couldn’t go back. Sometimes the road wound a dusty cloud behind them when the asphalt turned into a nasty, bumpy stretch of gravel, on which they had to travel at a much slower speed. When it rained, the tires of the oncoming cars were like waterwheels.A road with grass for its dividing strip. The grass ran along on the right or the left, depending on whether they were inbound or outbound. Uphill road, downhill road. A woman walked aimlessly across a snowy field beside a road with no signage. Vitya, tired and cranky, rolled down his window and asked politely, “Can you tell me how to get to the children’s home?” The woman shook her head: she didn’t know. “So what’s the local village called?” She didn’t remember. “The village doesn’t have a name? Or does it? What’s it sound like?”Silence in response.The white road merged with the white horizon in the distance. The staggering woman wandered on.Nina understood her, that silent woman without a face. In the snow and dead silence, you forget what your village is called, what month it is, what year it is. When you’re outside like that you forget your name and your children’s names. Once they adopted out two girls. The birth mother named both of them Natashka. Nina discovered in the documents that these two Natashkas had two more biological sisters in a neighboring village also called Natashka—one living with the grandmother, the other taken in by neighbors.The road approaching Rogozhin was a fun, bouncy ride through the hills, like in the pictures out of fairy tale books. In America there were roller coasters, but in Russia they had to make due with these hills. It was a little scary, but totally fun. It was dark behind Rogozhin: the forest loomed. Tall old pine trees with cones like Christmas decorations. One spring day while Nina was asleep in the front seat, Vitya saw a car hit a moose in the oncoming lane. The car’s front bumper was banged up after the impact. It was good that Nina slept through the whole thing.There was a bicyclist riding right on the snow, pedaling with all his might. A string bag holding two bottles of beer, two bottles of vodka and a carton of kefir dangled from the handlebars. Nina managed to catalog it all as they passed. Vitya laughed: Was this guy planning to consume all of it? What would be his first drink? Mix the vodka with the beer and make a cocktail? That would knock out even the most seasoned drinker. Or maybe the beer was for his lady and the vodka for himself? Or vice versa? They would both have the kefir for breakfast.A sleigh pulled by a red horse slid out from a dilapidated house. A man in a padded jacket was driving the sleigh. The horse slowed its pace, lifted its tail, and dropped smoldering brown balls onto the road. Smoke belched from the chimneys. This is it, Russian winter! The Spanish couple made a racket as they pulled out their cameras. They were eager to photograph a delightful frosty winter. Nina and Vitya had no interest in it. Though it would only waste time, they stopped and got out of the car—just for a moment while the shutter clicked—and then they drove on right away. The sharp smells of chimney smoke, snow, and spruce branches were in the air. The Spanish people took pictures of each other. They took a picture of Nina, the horse pellets, Vitya, and the van. They showed her how it came out: snowdrifts and black tree trunks and huge snowflakes melting on the lens, which made an interesting effect.The Spanish people were surprised to learn that small children in Russia went sledding like in a fairy tale. What kind of fairy tale would that be? Nina wondered. A carriage would not make it in this snow. All those sleigh rides and warm mittens—where were those, exactly? The snow on the streets—nope, not plowed. In Moscow or Rogozhin it is, but not here. The road always leads there, and then leads back again. God forbid it only leads there.One time early in the morning, about halfway to Rogozhin immediately after a June rainstorm, Nina saw an accident: a van, the scraps of a Lexus, and a military truck fallen on its side blocking the entire road. A Russian-made sedan was mangled in some bushes pretty far off from the roadside. A row of corpses was laid out, covered with newspapers and dirty rags. Vitya drove past cautiously, as if on tiptoe. The Lexus, that dear, reliable machine, was disfigured in such a way that made it look as though it had been crumpled by an evil giant. A young soldier was writhing in pain right there on the roadway while a paramedic held a drip over him.“The Lexus was driving at high speed, bumped the truck, and suffered the consequences,” Vitya explained enthusiastically as he turned the steering wheel.Vitya was able to reconstruct the details of any road accident.“It was passing against oncoming traffic, and right at the same time there was the truck with the soldiers. Then the sedan pulled out to turn.”Nina would never forget the long black puddle of blood on the asphalt, which was reflecting the low white post-rain sky. A dead belly with tattoos. His face covered by somebody’s jacket.“If you fly, people die.” Vitya broke out laughing.God forbid the road only leads there.In the winter, the distant route out of Moscow was dark. It was dark when the sky was clear. Conversely, with a cloud cover, it was light. Light and dark. The Barguzin rushed on like a sparkling white fireball flying down the road, and the stars were moving. Along the road there were telephone poles, not unlike space rockets with the covering stripped off, or toy Eiffel Towers.Dawn was always to the left, over the forest.After the rain, the clouds had delicate pink underbellies, like river fish.The ice-covered dachas were huddled in close to each other. A Spanish person leaned in from the backseat to shout in Nina’s ear.“People live here?”“They do, but only in the summer. In the winter they move back to the city. This isn’t a village, just dachas. Little chalets, you know what I mean?”The “chalets” were crooked, hastily-put-together chicken coop–sized shacks. Tiny windows, rusty metal fences. Some of them were no more than a dog kennel for storing gardening tools. People didn’t actually stay there, even in the summer.The Spanish couple nodded.You could die on your way to your chalet. Nina laughed at that thought.Along the road there were traffic cops, and the drivers laid on their brakes. They tried to guess where the cops were hiding. Beneath the birch trees, behind the bend. In the roadside bushes. In the shadow of a cloud, which dragged its cool rain belly low over the bushes. They warned oncoming drivers, blinking their lights. The traffic cop was wearing a long, thick winter coat. Winter was no laughing matter, even when it pretended to be summer. Nah, he won’t make us pay a fine. Why not? How would I know? That’s just not how it’s done. You give the cop five hundred rubles or a thousand, depending on the violation. A bribe? No, it’s called something else. A bribe, that’s when it’s an official. Slap a cop on the paw, that’s what we say. On his heavy, sweaty paw. That sounds weird, Nina would say. They don’t understand? Well, they don’t need to.But Vitya understood everything.Nina laughed. And Vitya laughed.“You need a toilet? The thing is, there really isn’t one.”“Well, what about when you’re getting gas?”“There’s a toilet at the gas station, of course. There it is, you see it? It’s that little wooden house, and it’s better not to go in there. Just get out right here and do your business in a bush. Yes, yes, right here. And nobody will think it’s gross or anything. This isn’t Switzerland.”Once they stopped at a roadside restaurant. It was quite authentic Russian cuisine: blini with caviar, meat and mushrooms in a clay pot, Olivier salad. For you that’s a Russian salad, but we think of it as French. Pickles, beer, and vodka. Prices are very reasonable, you can’t eat for this price in Moscow, or even in Rogozhin. The interior of the restaurant is something: a traditional Russian log house with birch branches, horse collars, and bridles on the walls. But the toilet, to Nina’s surprise, wasn’t inside. The so-called toilet was in a little wooden house with a plank door. Nina set out for the dubious little house, first just to investigate. It was disgustingly dirty inside, and the back wall of this little house wasn’t there; instead Nina found before her a huge gaping hole with a view of a field all the way to the horizon. A strong autumn wind wandered the fields, stirring the tall grasses.Nina ran out of the little house, holding her nose.Near the restaurant were some unkempt commercial buildings, and Nina squatted down quietly in the shade of one of them, then sent the Spanish people out to them.A roadside restaurant with no toilet. Welcome to Russian cuisine.By a field just a few kilometers from Rogozhin, the same prostitute was always waiting: tall, buxom, and strong. Vitya called her Shoulder Lady. How could that be translated into Spanish? Nina was in a quandary. Shoulder Lady worked the shoulders of the major highways across Russia, from city to city. They said the shoulder ladies serviced truckers. When men traveled from far away, the blood went stagnant in their pelvises.On the way back to Moscow, the prostitutes never stood by themselves—only in pairs, with their pimps lurking behind them. Sometimes there would be a whole crowd of twenty people. They lined up in ranks, and cars would drive by at dusk, shining their lights on all the faces. Find the one you like best, put her in your car, and drive away. What horror. Nina shuddered at the thought. Where do you take her? Then how do you return her? All told, the way they do it with foreigners in hotels is better. It’s more civilized somehow.Young girls with childlike eyes and painted faces. Copious amounts of cosmetics so that their youth wouldn’t deter customers. With a young girl it was a criminal offense, and not everybody was willing to take the risk. There were, however, certain enthusiasts who couldn’t be scared away.One evening they stopped at a kiosk to buy some bottled water, right next to the Gardens of El Salvador flower shop. Nina felt sad about what happened next—two dolled-up schoolgirls rushed out to the car and threw themselves at the door.“Wanna have some fun?”Vitya chuckled good-naturedly. Who knew how he felt about such amusements?Nina usually didn’t feel like listening to the radio. It was better to stare out the window and think about something—thoughts on the road were so bright and multidimensional, and it seemed like, with even just a little bit of thinking, you could comprehend something very important, not the sort of thing you had to memorize out of books. It was also possible not to think, just to watch the trees and poles flashing past, which seemed hollow and silent from inside the car. The road is the best therapist in the world, Nina thought. It doesn’t matter where it leads. The most important thing is just that it’s the road.They sometimes drove very far—hundreds of kilometers from Rogozhin to the border region, where there were no longer any villages or settlements, and only here and there a solitary house with a collapsed roof staring out from its empty eye sockets, and the fields covered with snow whitened everything all the way to the horizon, and the blizzard pulled at the wheels of the van with its long, evil tongues.And one time in April they drove straight into the sky. Above, below, and all around glowed a deep halo of blue; as was usual in the spring, the river had swelled up and flooded the fields. Clouds were floating around, high and low, right and left, reflected like in a mirror, and the white Barguzin sailed through them, too, like a big white cloud itself, but there was no horizon at all, the blue fields gently crossing over into the blue sky.When she remembered that day a few months later, with the clouds and the sky on all sides, Nina wondered if she had even been awake at the time.“Did that really happen?” she asked Vitya.“It happened. Did it ever!” he said.So it wasn’t something she dreamed up. Either that, or they had the same dream.For the entire trip from Moscow to Rogozhin, the world was delightfully simple: the road was on the planet, the Barguzin was on the road, Nina was in the Barguzin, her backpack was on her lap, and documents and a book were in her backpack. And between the book’s pages was a bookmark with this written on it: Fish Speak Spanish Silently. This bookmark was her talisman. It was more important to Nina than any of her books: there were so many books, but only one of these. It was the slogan of the Cervantes Institute to encourage everyone to learn Spanish. Nina liked it. If you heard it once, you’d never forget it. She would sometimes wake up in the night and lie there sleepless, and it just kept running through her head: Fish Speak Spanish Silently, Fish Speak Spanish Silently.The road both decimated and hardened Nina, and one time she even had the feeling she couldn’t get by without the monotonous landscape, without memorizing by heart the scene rolling past outside the window of the van on the highway from Moscow to Rogozhin with the constancy of a morning ritual. The highway entered her life gradually, eventually surpassing the fixture of the university building and her apartment with its view of Belorusskaya Station. It awoke in Nina an ancient instinct: to be on the road, to yearn for the road, to believe in the road.But the road was not a good fit with the university. Nina could no longer maintain the double life. The double life required double the strength. Since this was how they lived, she embraced this life. But then her strength ran out, and Nina was tired, exhausted. Something had to change, but first she needed to talk to Eva Giorgievna.Nina decided that’s what she would do. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] If you look at a map of Moscow, Eva Giorgievna Vostokova lived exactly between the university on Lenin Hills and Nina’s building on Belorusskaya.To get to her building, the famous House on the Embankment, you could catch either the metro Novokuznetskaya or Kropotkinskaya and cross the river by footbridge. Nina always chose Kropotkinskaya. Even on the hottest summer days, a wave of coolness blew in off the river. The proximity of the water had a calming effect, somehow making the choice of route nonnegotiable.The river lived its own special life, not connected with the city. It hosted pleasure boats, loaded barges, rusty tugs that were as hardy as war cruisers, and even some bizarre longboats that Nina liked to look at from above, imagining the history of these well-oiled vessels and the people who worked on them. From the embankment you could see that the water near the shore was shallow and tea-colored, with round stones lying peacefully along the bottom, and that several strong currents were passing through the seaweed. And in one spot on the other side of the bridge, Nina knew of a place where lilies were growing, round shiny leaves laid out neatly on the water, with yellow flowers beside them that looked like they were plastic.Vostokova’s apartment overlooked the Bersenevskaya Promenade, with a nice view of the Kremlin. When Nina sat at the table in the living room, the huge window looked like a holiday card.Eva Giorgievna often told Nina about her building and Nina listened, imagining all the details vividly and in detail. It was one thing to read about it in a book by yourself in your room, but another to see for yourself the constructivist sashes on the windows of the Kremlin and the Moscow River, and to listen to the breath and the inner life of the building that had long since evolved into something else. It had become an ordinary apartment building, but it would always have a certain state-owned heaviness about it.Nina loved it all the same. It was part of her life. It was history. Every time, Nina marveled at it, like she marveled at the Colosseum, or other dark places where people were once maimed and killed. And yet Nina found the House on the Embankment beautiful. It was like an old castle. In the summer she went slowly past its green courtyards separated by arches, went in to the museum, and stopped in at the café. And imagine, just imagine, the Black Maria prison vans would show up in these very courtyards, there would be a terrible pounding of footsteps on the stairs, then men would burst into an apartment through the back stairs and wake the people with flashlights in their faces, all the while everyone trying to comprehend why all of this was necessary. It had only been a few decades, a small drop of time compared to the Colosseum’s life span, and already there was nothing left of the Stalinist period except this huge, gray, mysterious building, kind of like the Titanic, and a rusty barge howling shrilly on the other side of the bridge.In the House on the Embankment, built by personal order of Comrade Stalin for the best people in the best country in the world, everything was laid out for the residents’ quality of life. It was a legitimate home of the future: gyms, stores, a Laundromat, a school and a kindergarten, a dining room for residents. The apartments had hot water, baths, and showers . . .“A bathtub and a shower,” Nina repeated to herself; this was in those distant happy days when she used to visit there regularly.“What do you think it was like?” Vostokova sat in front of the window. The Kremlin was right over her shoulder. “Now they’re in every apartment, but back then they were quite rare. Simple Soviet people washed themselves at the banya or heated water in their communal kitchens. They bathed in a washtub when there was gas heating, but before that there wasn’t any gas or hot water from the tap, either. Imagine, friends came to visit the people who lived here to have a bath. This is . . . I don’t even know how to compare it to anything. Like now, instead of a bathroom, people have a small water park.”But it wasn’t possible for everyone to be happy in the home built for happiness: instead of happiness, it was fear that lived in this building. One by one the residents disappeared, and those that remained were always aware that they could be next.“Did people know in advance that they would be picked up?”“Not always. But some of them had the foresight to have breakdowns in advance. One tenant, a responsible worker, saw collectivization going on in the Tambov province and understood what was happening. When he returned to Moscow, he pretended to be a lunatic. He bumbled around like a fool and was late for work at the Kremlin—ten minutes late would have otherwise gotten him ten years in the camps. But he used to roam the embankment, singing songs. One time he didn’t come home, and they caught him and put him in a madhouse. Several years of treatment there. And sure enough, he realized the one and only thing was that he needed to get away quickly, not only from his own folks, but from the world of normal people. He didn’t save himself, but he saved his family. But other people didn’t understand this concept and didn’t save anyone.”The fear of being suddenly arrested in the night was so great that daytime was enormously stressful. Instead of waiting for the violence, some residents ended their lives in suicide—hanging, a bullet to the head, jumping out the window. The building was sometimes called the House of Preventative Detention as a joke. However, these jokes did indeed end in execution.“So that’s why it’s gray like this,” Nina said.“It’s a good thing it’s not black. As the story goes, Stalin wanted the building to be black. Or red like the Kremlin. The walls have a granite finish, which is why it’s the color it is.”“So they changed their minds, or what?”“Supposedly they didn’t have enough money. And then later they wanted to make it beige.”“And once again they didn’t have enough money?”“So they say.” Eva Giorgievna smiled. “By the way, I don’t particularly believe it. I’ve heard so many legends over the years I finally stopped listening to them. Gray is a very suitable color for this building; it’s the color of constructivism.”“Tell me some more legends.”“Legends? Hm . . . Well, for example, I heard not long ago that one of the apartments in our building is fake.”“How is it fake?”“This apartment has a balcony, front door, and stairs. But there’s not actually an apartment there. Just staircases and blank walls without doorways. They say the stairs served only as a place to listen to the apartment next door. Another legend says there are hidden spaces behind some of the walls. That staircase was built under Yezhov’s personal order, but no documents have been preserved.”“Oh my! And what do you think about this?”“What is there to think? We would have to go check it out. But they don’t let anybody in there. There’s so much history, I can’t even remember it all. There is that legend about a baby, for one thing, but you probably already know about that one.”“About a baby? I think I heard something about that.”“About a baby who was forgotten in his crib. The entire family was taken prisoner in the night—they took the parents, the grandmother, and the grandfather, a famous academic. And the little one was left behind in his crib. The family didn’t bring up the baby, in hopes that he would somehow be saved. After they were taken away in the night, neighbors heard crying, went in the unlocked apartment, and took the baby for themselves. The gravity of such an act can only be understood by those who lived through it. They hid the child in their apartment, knowing full well that all the building’s staff worked for the NKVD, and that every tenant was under surveillance. Even entering the building wasn’t allowed without a permit, and upon leaving, guests had to receive permission to take away any gift or any book the tenants gave them to read. So much for the home of the future.”Eva Giorgievna took a deep drag on her cigarette mouthpiece. A thin plume of smoke drifted through the open window, behind which the sky’s brightness was beginning to fade. The stars were lit up on the towers, and the water in the river was white as milk and didn’t seem to be moving.“Then what happened with the baby?” Nina asked softly.“The baby was rescued. When he got a little older, the neighbors sent him to Odessa. I don’t know how things turned out for him. Well, there is a legend . . . But you see, the whole house is one big legend. Think about it: it was the biggest apartment building in Europe, inhabited by perpetual fear, where the executioners lived side by side with their victims, where yesterday’s victims turned into tomorrow’s executioners and vice versa. You know how things were back then. It was enough to give a person a sideways glance, and that person was gone. Would you please hand me that candy over there—yeah, yeah, the one on top. And do help yourself . . .”Over time Nina got attached to the House on the Embankment.If you were regularly invited to an apartment that had a window looking out on a landscape like this, your life was most definitely successful.Nina knew there was abundance at Eva Giorgievna’s place—flowers, the best chocolates, and gourmet teas, which the housekeeper, Tatiana, brewed in a beautiful teapot, put on a tray, and solemnly carried out to the living room. But still Nina always bought something for a gift on the way to visit Vostokova—flowers, cake, or candy. It was a modest sacrifice to the god of fortune that led her so mysteriously to this building.After trudging up the stairs and shaking out the chunks of dirty white snow from her boot treads, Nina rang the doorbell. The lock snapped back, and Vostokova opened the door herself.“Aha, Nina. Welcome, come in. I’m here alone, everyone else left.”Nina took off her boots and walked into the living room. Eva Giorgievna walked softly behind, her housecoat rustling. Nina had the feeling that a large bird had waltzed into the room, bringing with it the smell of clouds and a great expanse, and sat down across from her.Eva Giorgievna looked tired. But in fact she always looked like this: tired eyes, heavy eyelids like the image of Akhmatova in a portrait by Modigliani, or maybe Serebryakov or Altman—at that point in the evening Nina couldn’t remember who painted it. Akhmatova was younger than Eva Giorgievna in those portraits. How many years was Akhmatova with Serebryakov? How old was Eva Giorgievna? Nobody knew. She started at the university a long time ago. Her husband was a well-known diplomat who generously allowed her to engage in linguistics and literature. He died a few years ago, and Nina saw a special program about him on TV.“I was just about to have tea. You’re just in time.”Eva Giorgievna poured the tea into cups, and the smell was something exotic.“It’s lotus tea. It’s a basic tea—you feel the essence. But I love it. That’s why I buy it. You don’t always love the very best brands. How are things with you?” She sat in front of Nina. “You’ve disappeared completely lately.”“Things are good with me. Everything is as usual. I don’t have any private students anymore, though.”“How are your parents?” Eva Giorgievna showed careful interest, watching Nina intently.“My parents are fine. Next week Papa is leaving for Vienna for a congress. And Mama . . . Mama is turning in her next article. She’s working on a grant for the summer.”“What’s her subject area? Sorry, I’ve forgotten.”“Marine mammals. She’s studying how global warming affects them, and she’s also collecting sample audio of their voices.”“And how does global warming affect them?”“Poorly. Mama’s trying to demonstrate how badly they’ve been affected. And to do this, she needs to travel north. They prepare for the expedition all year, and every time nobody knows whether they’ll be able to go or not. The Americans are offering a special grant. If my mother’s article is approved, they’ll get their grant. And if they don’t approve it, she’ll send the article to someone else.”“The Americans are protectors of Russian science.” Eva Giorgievna took a small bite of a pastry from the confectionery on the next street. It wasn’t that long ago that Nina couldn’t even afford to buy French bread, but today she chose the most expensive tea to bring. “What would become of our science if those bloated cranks stopped sponsoring it? What do you think?”“I don’t know. Without them science would probably cease to exist. Or the Russian state would eventually come to its senses and help out somehow.”“The state won’t help. Or rather, it’s better to say that they’ll help, but not marine mammals. Selfless helping is a luxury for the rich. But our government is only interested in what brings a lot of money, and quickly. This is our driving principle these days: money right now. Changing the world for the better, helping the seals—it’s a utopia, and nobody’s willing to back utopian projects. Only if their assistance promises a good profit. Without the American cranks, your mammals won’t survive. Not in the Russian North, anyway.”“But maybe there will be selfless helping in the future?” Nina asked. “Someday people will realize that harmony isn’t possible in the world if seals are dying in the North. Every year several species disappear, forests burn . . . abandoned children are all around us,” she added unexpectedly, looking closely at the tea leaves in her cup.“Abandoned children,” Vostokova said like an echo. “That is indeed an issue.”She stirred her cooling tea with a spoon.“Tell me, Nina, did something happen to you?” Eva Giorgievna paused, then slowly stood up, walked over to the window, and stopped, admiring the panoramic view that one would expect she had long since gotten used to. “Consider this,” she said. “Living in the city center—I mean, right in the heart of the metropolis—is not such a great pleasure. It’s all noise, bustle, the lights of all the advertisements. When it starts getting dark you lower the blinds so it doesn’t shine right in your eyes. But here it’s a different story. The vast space, the Moscow River. The Kremlin. How many years have I looked at it, and yet I can’t stop looking at it. I don’t need a dacha, there’s no need for travel . . .”Nina could barely hear her low, husky voice. But she thought she heard Eva Giorgievna sigh.“Now, let’s have you tell me what happened. You aren’t fooling me. I can see that something has happened to you,” she added. Her voice was soft and a little tired.And then Nina spoke.Up until then she hadn’t told anyone, not even Max, about the details of her new occupation. She narrated her trips for Vostokova that evening day by day, from the very beginning, when the SUV flew along the icy road and the snowstorm opened up on them like a white chrysanthemum. About the restaurants where she could now afford to order the likes of jellyfish with cucumber. About wise, hardy, adventurous Ksenia, an enterprising modern woman. And gradually she began to talk about herself with secret pride, for she was another modern woman whose unexpected business skills had suddenly come to life. These skills were what allowed her to overcome even the strongest membrane around a person and assert herself in this new dense and opaque reality, which, unlike a dissertation, you can actually hold in your hands. She had the sudden urge to tell her about that can of black caviar she and Ksenia ate in one sitting with chips.Only an hour before, standing on the landing outside Eva Giorgievna’s, Nina had it in her head to talk all about it, in great detail. She was there for something quite different—for advice, for help managing her office duties. She had learned long ago not to occupy someone’s attention too intrusively with her little personal dramas, which weren’t interesting to anybody but herself. But the magic of this building, the soft, almost invisible spotlights on the ceiling, the captivating silence, the Kremlin star shining in the dark window, and, most importantly, the charisma of the hostess from those first timid words helped Nina get carried away and take a close look in the murky water—an aquarium in which the fish were a complete unknown—into which she had not dared to peer for many months.She talked and talked without pause—about the little faces of the children gazing at her through the bars of their cribs, about all the roads in the Rogozhin area that were in disrepair, about the dying villages. She didn’t feel like telling Eva Giorgievna about Kirill. About her plan with Ksenia. About the duplicity that had become a cornerstone of her life.It occurred to her that she had probably overstayed her welcome with Eva Giorgievna, amid the antiques and noiseless carpets. That she was shamelessly taking up her precious time.But strangely enough, Vostokova listened to Nina with rapt attention. First she stood like an antique statue by the window against the background of the Kremlin star, then she returned to the table and sat down silently, her chin resting on her palm, and then suddenly started to look like Nina’s mother. Then she actually asked Nina about it, question after question. Nina was slowly beginning to feel like Eva Giorgievna’s extreme curiosity was a hastily inconsistent cover.“So this is what it is,” she said when Nina finally stopped. She took out a cigarette, put it in her mouthpiece, and lit up. “It’s the abandoned children our educated intelligentsia are helping. Our Nina Koretskaya, a lecturer of the Department of German and Romance Language Philology.” Vostokova took a deep drag on her cigarette and was lost in thought. She sat motionless for a moment, then looked at Nina and smiled. “It’s not altruistic, but it is helpful.”“Do you mind if I have one?” Nina asked as she reached for the pack.“Take one. I never knew you smoked.”The conversation felt so unusual to Nina that she forgot her urge to wrap it up quickly, apologize, and leave.“So this means you’re helping abandoned children and getting money for it.” Eva Giorgievna grinned. “And it’s a lot of money, right?”“True,” Nina agreed gullibly.“Money that isn’t taxed, that you are not obliged to report anywhere, which you would never dream of doing anyway. It’s impossible to earn such money, it is simply received. Big money is fate, and this is particularly noticeable in your foreign adoptions. You take this money, but without you these parents never would have found their children in Russia.”All of this was the honest truth. Nina nodded, pondering the glowing end of her smoldering cigarette.“Then why are you embarrassed?”“I don’t know. I’m mixed up. I had something else I was going to say, and now I can’t remember what,” Nina admitted, stubbing out her cigarette in the ashtray.“I will prompt you as to what you wanted to talk to me about.”Now she was sitting motionless and looking Nina right in the eye.“The thing about your new occupation—we shouldn’t call it work because it’s not quite work, it’s something else. So, your new occupation is contrary to what you wanted for yourself. And all your ambitious plans faded away all at once at the prospect of big money.”Nina lowered her eyes. Even alone with just herself she was afraid to articulate her experiences so succinctly and clearly.“Yes, that’s true. And I don’t know what to do next.”“You don’t know what to do next. But is there somebody else besides you who could know? You’re looking for someone else to make the decision. You want me to give you my blessing to quit the department and calmly deal with this occupation, which is troublesome and difficult in all of its aspects.”Nina was silent—this was awkward. Eva Giorgievna—wonderful, incomparable Eva Giorgievna Vostokova—was disappointed and offended by her faithful graduate student Nina, who she was so easily prepared to part ways with.“No,” she retorted forcefully. “No, no, things aren’t like that at all.”“Things are, Nina. Things are very much that way. Sooner or later the day comes when we must make a choice. You have to decide yourself what you’re going to do next: get serious about your calling or leave.”“Well, of course I choose the department,” Nina declared passionately. “I . . .”“You’ve already made your choice, Nina. Don’t lie to yourself. This is why you came to me. You’ve chosen the orphans. The money, to be more specific.”Nina was on the verge of crying stubborn, angry tears, her throat growing scratchy, and getting no relief. She couldn’t breathe. She had not been prepared for such a tense conversation.No, no, not that, she wanted to shout. You’re mistaken. You misunderstood me. I want to stay with you. I don’t want the money to ruin my plans. It could ruin everything.She didn’t cry and didn’t even say anything. The words were stuck in her throat with the petty, guilty tears.“Yes, Nina. You’ve made your choice.” Eva Giorgievna lit a new cigarette. It seemed that the conversation hadn’t really gotten her all worked up in earnest—she was calm, collected, and quite serious. “And you made the right choice,” she added, exhaling a cloud of smoke.It became quiet in the living room. It was a certain special kind of quiet, rare in everyday life. It was hard to believe that something was ending in this wonderful room, and that cold air was sweeping past outside, damp trees were waving their black branches, and cars were roaring as they crawled across the bridge over the river.“It’s the choice of a rational person, not a dreamer or an idealist. And you have my complete approval.”Nina couldn’t believe her ears. Could she possibly be dreaming this conversation? Another moment and everything would get mixed up. The room would shrink, or perhaps the opposite—it would grow in size and take on surprising new details, and Nina would wake up in her bed, and it would turn out to be the early morning of a new day. But nothing changed; that same cottony silence was still hanging all around her. What kept it hanging there? Some invisible ball of air from Nina’s breathing? Nervous tension?“Think about it. At this new job you’ll have lots of money, good language practice, and, most importantly, an invaluable experience,” Eva Giorgievna said finally. “But being on faculty—that’s just a way to stimulate your intellect. Nowadays you can’t get paid anything like that there. You can’t even satisfy your own ambitions there, and in fact that’s the case with the majority of the staff. All they think about is that they’re professors at Moscow University! Is it even possible to compare them to a humble interpreter or some pathetic manager? All this so-called scientific activity we’re engaged in is complete nonsense. It’s just that people don’t have the mental energy to be honest with themselves about it. Nobody wants to feel like a molecule—they want to feel like a participant in an important process. Professors at the university, academics. But the times when such work had meaning are long gone. It’s unfortunately impossible to realize that life now. It’s all turned into a hobby. Our department is a nursing home, nothing more.”“Why a nursing home?” Nina was surprised. “We have plenty of young instructors—”“That doesn’t matter,” Vostokova interrupted. “It’s a nursing home. Its era has nearly passed, though the staff doesn’t dare admit it outright. Nowadays philology is merely a component of the educational process. It’s really all about the students. Are you ready to dedicate your life to your students?”Nina was silent.“That’s right, you’re not ready,” Eva Giorgievna continued. “But you are ready to do something on your own. The problem is something else,” she said slowly, so that Nina would realize the importance of these words and understand how everything was going to happen. “Which doesn’t have anything to do with what you and I have been talking about.”“But what does it have to do with?” Nina lost her bearings for a minute. “What is the problem, exactly?”“There are two. First, judging by your stories, this is not an easy business. It turns a huge profit, but keep in mind: an occupation like this is morally ambiguous.”“Like, it has a false bottom? Is that a way to understand it?”“Its false bottom is its negative side. It’s as present in this work as it is in any phenomenon. And the more substantial the phenomenon, the more pronounced its negative side. In this case, it is that you are getting eaten up by Rogozhin.”“Eaten up?”“Eaten up. Quickly and quietly. Before you have a chance to blink an eye, you will find yourself in someone else’s stomach. Like the way spiders inject saliva full of paralytic poison into their victims’ blood. Who knows, maybe a fly in a spider’s jaw has no experience of pain, but instead euphoria.”“So what do you mean? I can’t afford to have much personal time? I need to finish my dissertation?”At that moment, Nina caught an indication that the conversation was in fact beginning to bore Eva Giorgievna: she stole a glance at her watch.“I’ll go quietly,” Nina offered.“Yes, yes you will. It’s probably about time. A new life requires new actions.”“You just don’t want me to hold you up.”“You’re not holding me up. On the contrary, I’m amused. But allow me to make my point. It’s the last thing I’m going to tell you.”Nina was already out in the hall. Her boots had dripped a puddle onto the dark oak parquet floor, which was reflecting the ceiling spotlights.“I said they will eat you up. You’re already roped in tight with Ksenia and the Rogozhin officials. And maybe there are other people involved, unbeknownst to you. Or maybe there’s someone else you didn’t get a chance to tell me about.”“Maybe.” Nina nodded with uncertainty.“You don’t realize how clean these people operate. How neat your Ksenia really is. Incidentally, that is the second problem. Like I said, there are two.”“What do you mean, clean?”“In cases such as these, as best as I can imagine, it’s important not to leave a trail. If someone leaves a trail, they can go up the chain and get you.”“What do I have to do with it?” Nina was surprised. “I’m a little person. Who could be interested in me? Who would concern themselves with what I’m doing?”Eva Giorgievna grinned wickedly.“You aren’t particularly interesting, but times do change, and one day you may become a person of interest. And then that’s when they have you.”“But who? For what purpose?”“There will be somebody. You see, technically, this whole business only involves one protagonist: you.”“What about Ksenia?”“Everyone knows perfectly well how Ksenia conducts her affairs. Even the sum is approximately known. But technically it doesn’t exist, and if necessary it can be forgotten. Ksenia can forget about it, anyway. She will bring the envelopes where they need to go, and they will leave her in peace. And then all arrows will point to you, my dear.”“Well, that’s unlikely . . .”“I hope very much that it’s unlikely. But all the same, I’m warning you: be careful. And most importantly—be neat. I beg of you.”Tatiana, the housekeeper, came into the hallway. While they had been talking in the living room, Tatiana had returned with groceries and was busy in the kitchen, and Nina hadn’t even heard the click of the lock, she was so absorbed in the conversation.“Good-bye, Eva Giorgievna.” Nina’s voice wavered.She went downstairs, opened the door, and went outside, where she was flooded on all sides by sounds and smells. There was the damp, chilly scent of gasoline. Ravens were cawing somewhere in the black branches. Nina stopped near the entrance and looked up: there was Eva Giorgievna’s little window lit up on the seventh floor.The building of the future, Nina thought. The architect was right. Here we are in the future: Moscow is full of such buildings. Infrastructure is no longer surprising, and in fact Ksenia could easily purchase an apartment in the House on the Embankment.Nina wondered whether many of the residents were still there from earlier times. I’ll have to ask Eva Giorgievna, she thought. And another thing: Who were Eva’s parents, and how did they end up in this building? For some reason, Vostokova never told her—she always avoided giving straight answers, Nina just then realized.She hurried to the metro, finishing up her thoughts about these ideas, and immediately moved on to the next ones—about Ksenia, documents, Spanish parents, and Rogozhin. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Twelve children from Nina’s notebook departed in four months. Every week a Spanish family came to Moscow, sometimes two. After the get-acquainted session, Nina prepped the documents and a short time later submitted them to the courts.Okay, Yulia, Nina mused as she was on the go. Early that morning she had to get to the university, then to a notary, then home to her computer, because the morning after that she and Ksenia were going to Rogozhin. I’m up to my neck in documents. Translating, getting them notarized, sending them back, and then I have to forget about all of it and go see my students. And me? I’m even on the toilet with my phone! I don’t even turn off the phone overnight. And when was the last time I spent an hour or two without any Internet? And I’m not writing on LiveJournal at all, or doing anything on Skype . . .Every one of the problems that were now filling up Nina’s life was harmless by itself, and Nina would have done an excellent job of coping with it on its own. Each one was like a mosquito bite: when she scratched it, something was assuaged and forgotten. But all together they chased her like an entire swarm of forest mosquitoes.The most insufferable thing in her life was still very much the university.Nina thought that if it were not for the early mornings, the boring lessons during which she kept looking at the clock, the checking of all the written work, and the preparation of all the tests, it wouldn’t be that hard to live with it.It was as though the final decision made itself. Nina was no longer plagued by doubt and didn’t go to anyone else for advice. One morning she got out of bed devastated, a complete wreck, as though she hadn’t slept at all. Nina realized she couldn’t continue like this any longer—she just didn’t have the energy for such a life anymore. And the one and only thing left for her to do at the university, the thing for which she was still willing to leave the apartment, take the metro, and commute across Moscow, was to hand in the sheet of paper with her statement of resignation. All she did was leave it for the head of the department. She simply had no strength left for the four academic hours that awaited her that morning.The text on the sheet of paper was brief. It consisted of just a few lines—Nina was ready to get it over with. Fortunately, it turned out nobody was in the department office—the first period had begun, and the instructors had gone off to their lecture halls. Nina’s statement was hardly surprising to the secretary, who had long since noticed that things were not in a good way.“I can’t do it anymore,” Nina confessed.“Personal life?” the secretary asked sympathetically.“Yes.” Nina lowered her eyes.“I understand, Nina. I noticed a long time ago that you looked out of sorts. You’re expecting a baby, aren’t you? But you know, it would be better if you just had a little patience and went on maternity leave . . .”“I can’t stand it,” Nina blurted out. “You understand, I simply can’t. No energy.”“But you can take a sabbatical. Then you can come back.”“I know. But I just can’t . . . Forgive me.”After lunch, Nina’s letter had a signature on it.Nina went out in the lobby, put on her coat, and went outside.It was spring—a legitimate spring, unique, with no slush and cold, with flowering cherry trees and dandelions, with a blue sky and fresh grass breaking through the cracks in the asphalt. A warm breeze blew on Nina, opening her coat and ruffling her hair. Nina walked to the metro and smiled, and she thought she could taste the wind on her lips. She thought perhaps they were burning last year’s leaves in the university park.Nina wasn’t pregnant, but a brilliant thought landed on her doorstep that day. Now and then Max traveled to different places to do his photo essays. Mexico, Thailand, Singapore . . . What if they traveled together? She had no intention of becoming a burden to him. Everything would be different: she would save money and go on trips with Max at her own expense. She just needed to build up her patience and wait. A year somewhere else, and then adiós to this old life!The next day, Nina went to Rogozhin for two days with a calm mind—in a new white coat, new jeans, and a beautiful leather bag instead of a winter backpack. Happy and free, like she was spring itself. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] May arrived in the courtyard, clear and with nice weather. The sun was all tangled in the tree branches.The Spanish people were watching out the window of the van, taking a close look at the old houses and the crowds of pedestrians at the traffic lights.These tree trunks painted white, is that for decoration? No, it’s to protect against pests. What does the word pectopah mean? What do you mean pectopah? Where did you come across it? That’s not a word in the Russian language. Yes, there, at the bottom of the building, you see where it’s written. Ah, it is not pectopah but ресторан, restaurant: we write in Cyrillic, and you’re reading it like it’s written in Roman letters.They examined the cars, counting six hundred Mercedes on their trip to Rogozhin. They didn’t often come across those in Spain, whereas here they counted seven for sure and thought they saw a few more before they even got to the outskirts of Moscow as they headed out of town on the Rogozhin highway. Big deal, seeing a Mercedes. Nina heard there was a waiting list to get a Bentley in Moscow. You couldn’t just go buy a Bentley: the supply was snatched up, and when they brought in a new batch there weren’t enough for everybody who wanted one. Ksenia was puzzled—why would someone want a Bentley? A Bentley is a delicate, capricious machine, not cut out for our roads. A Toyota was another matter, according to Ksenia. Cheap and cheerful. That’s not cheap, thought Nina. A new one is forty thousand. She wanted a car like that very much. Ksenia’s Toyota, not a Bentley.Just before Rogozhin they came across a monk. He was a black silhouette against the blue-green background of a suburb in spring. A walking stick and a backpack on his back. The clouds reflected in the puddles like paper boats, a little house with decorative carved trim, then another unoccupied, with boarded-up windows. The black silhouette hadn’t been visible from a distance. He was either coming or going.Another time a priest with a large cross on his chest was hitchhiking by the roadside. How old was he? Nina wondered. With his beard it was hard to tell if he was twenty or forty. Vitya frowned in annoyance: he would have picked up the priest if it weren’t for the passengers. Catholics, who can make sense of them? They cross themselves from the wrong side.On Holy Thursday a succession was filing out of the church. It bent and wound in a loop reminiscent of an infinity symbol: women in headscarves, men with beards. Why are they standing there? Well, to have their cakes blessed, of course. Nina told them everything she knew about Holy Thursday, about the Easter cakes and the painted eggs. There’s also holy water, they use it as a treatment. Does it help? Vera, the nurse from the children’s home, says it’s very helpful. There’s one nurse who even does a holy water enema on herself.Rogozhin is not Moscow. Everything here is different.A woman in a scarf stopped in the middle of the street, held her fingers in a pinch, and made a sweeping sign of the cross in front of the cupola of the temple. She gazed at it, then quickly crossed herself again. She wore rhinestones on her blouse and pointy high heels. The ringing of the bell floated in the air, which smelled of honey and early summer, but it wasn’t the shameless sort of wind that lifted the hem of a long skirt.Rogozhin was a devout city. Floor-length skirts, white kerchiefs.There was a monk who lived in the monastery who could cast out demons. There’s a waiting list to see him. They write ahead months in advance, like they’re trying to buy a Bentley. The possessed are brought from all over Russia. Vera the nurse told Nina the story of a woman at the church who cawed like a raven because someone in her hometown gave her the evil eye. You could start a conversation with her and she would speak normally, and then things would go all haywire, and—caw, caw. She waited almost a month for her turn to see the monk; one of the believers gave her lodging in God’s name. The monk accepted her, gave her an earful, the demon was banished, and she was healed. She went home.At the end of winter, the icon wept myrrh oil—Vera told her about this, too. People came from distant provinces, and they even came from Moscow. Showing their reverence, lighting candles, offering their prayers. And all because the congregation of this church led a very strict life. Some were there on a vow of obedience, and others became monks.Icons, candles, prayer. Folk miracles.The teacher at the Konkovo children’s home told Nina:“We have a great elder buried here. We often visit him at his grave and take a bit of earth. You should take a little yourself. You dilute this bit of earth in a glass of water. Or you may add it to your tea. It is at this time that you should recite a prayer, and whatever you need, you may ask it of our elder. You’ll receive everything you ask for. We always do this and recommend others do it as well.”The priest for the congregation was both king and father. They all listened to him. Vera the nurse was quite blessed by her efforts—she had a tooth pulled, bought new boots, and went on vacation. And the father-monk blessed one woman who wouldn’t sleep with her husband. What was the point in sinning extra when you already have children? Hers was a difficult will for the priest to subjugate. But there were rumors that this father wasn’t “authentic.” To figure this out isn’t difficult; you just have to see if the priest puts his hand over his silk stole when you’re in the confessional, or if he doesn’t. If he doesn’t, your sins are not forgiven, and the priest was not “real.”Unfamiliar clergy and churches feared these devout Rogozhin parishioners.One of the nurses in Ada Mitrofanovna’s children’s home complained of being afraid of people. If she took communion, anybody could come up behind her and touch her back. That was when she felt she was following the grace of God. It is said that cats follow the grace of God as well.There was an article about a miraculous icon in the newspaper. In one village the priest brought this icon out for the believers on major holidays. If a righteous believer touched the image, nothing would happen. But if a sinner touched it, the icon would start jumping around and hitting the sinner on the head. The icon, it was said, could figure out who was a sinner by itself. But others said the icon was possessed by a demon. There are, it turns out, some icons that are actually possessed by demons. Demons know everything that goes on between people, as well as who sins and how. In actuality, the icon is not meant for beating sinners over the head: it is meant to be prayed to. Only a demon could make a mockery of an icon. And to chase after such miracles wasn’t allowed.Nina once heard Lyudmila from the education department say to someone on the telephone: “Buy a cross for the baby’s baptism. If the cross has a skull on it, the child will suffer for a lifetime. And if there isn’t a skull, the child will have a happy life. The priests know about this, but they don’t say anything. On purpose. Because they can’t make everybody happy.”Ada once confessed that when she was younger, one woman got jealous of her and stole her husband through enchantment. Ada’s husband left her, and she was alone with her baby. But then Ada started going to church and lit a candle for his health. A day passed, then another. She went for a long walk, which her one friend recommended. And what do you know—it was helpful: her husband left the other woman as well, didn’t want to live with her. He didn’t go back to Ada, that was true—but by that time she was already over her hurt.It was common to turn to sorcerers for help. The sorcerers told fortunes, healed, and hexed. But people could lose their minds like this, which only happened if somebody who got hexed did something to respond to the hex. Then the hex would have nowhere to go and would return to the one who brought it.Afanasy, a village sorcerer with a family lineage of sorcerers, lived in Rogozhin. He said his grandfather was so strong he grew horns. Lots of people went to Afanasy for help, writing in advance for their turn.There were also Orthodox healers. They treated people without pills and without charms—only prayers. There was a well-known Rogozhin lady called Baba Nura, who was also known as Anna, professional savior and healer. She treated alcoholism with faith-based methods. And she didn’t accept just anyone as a client. If someone hadn’t recently confessed or taken communion, she wouldn’t accept them. Baba Nura always had an ad in the little rag of a local newspaper, and in the picture she was holding an icon of the Mother of God with a crucifix in her hands.The young female nurses from the children’s home went somewhere far away to have their fortunes told. Vera, who was like their older sister, knew about it. She overheard them talking about it, and then recounted what she heard to Ada. But they were cunning; they made their arrangements stealthily and took the bus in twos and threes. Their fortune-teller didn’t charge much but lived in a village a hundred kilometers away, out in the middle of nowhere. They were afraid to go see her by themselves.In the evening Nina turned on the TV in the room. On the local channel a choir of old ladies in traditional sundresses sang a traditional lullaby from the Rogozhin area:Today our Vanyushka will pass on,Tomorrow we’ll have his funeral,When we bury our VanyushkaThe big bell will ring,Ding dong ding.Hurry up now and die!Die fast, die quick!You’ll have so much funWhen you are laid to restOn your trip to the churchyardWhere eternal memory sings,Into the damp ground you’ll goWe will cry and we will wailWe will bury you in the grave.“Why in the grave? What kind of lullaby is that?” The Spanish were shocked. “We don’t sing things like that in Europe.”“We don’t sing like that nowadays, either,” explained Nina. “It’s an old lullaby from the past. They wrote it to fool the evil spirits, to avert trouble. Like, all the worst had already happened, everything in the words had already come true, but they still described it in so much detail. So their problems getting this child to go to sleep were already over. It’s like a conspiracy, only backward.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina loved living—that was true.But she loved living differently from the way most people understood the concept. She had always been a passive participant in life: she loved it, but almost never interfered with its course. Books, films, and dreams were how she spent her time. They allowed her to live several lives at the same time, and all actions were absorbed entirely, negating the will. She was interested in what wasn’t and would never be, and she wasn’t concerned about the rest.She felt like the breaks between events were more exciting than the events themselves. It was the anticipation that led to a richer experience.But everyone she knew—her mother, Ksenia, Max, Yulia—lived authentically. They didn’t question the reality of life and coexisted with it in full consent. They surrounded Nina as a big friendly family who were always happy to accept her, not even aware that hers was a completely different reality.Only one other person besides Nina preferred to stay on the sidelines, and that person was Eva Giorgievna.But now everything was different. For the first time Nina had acquired a taste for possessions and actions.This was unusual, the novelty of it frightening. Nina had mixed feelings of curiosity and anxiety. The flow of life became so strong it simply knocked her off her feet!Something rose from the depths of her memory, something similar that had happened in the past.She was always afraid of getting carried away with a game, because one time that’s what happened.It was June, twilight, out in the courtyard. A group of kids had been walking around all day. Nina walked around with them, and the day flew by unnoticed—joyful and sonorous, bright and endless, like summer itself. But evening settled in, and at dusk the children dispersed to their buildings—people were out calling to them from the porches and shouting from the transom windows. But nobody came out for Nina and nobody shouted for her—her mother was on her expedition, and her father had just forgotten about her. And she played until it was quite dark in the courtyard, in the ash thickets, where her friends had built a whole play castle during the day. And when she finally looked out from the castle, the courtyard was empty, and there were only the shadows of leaves and bats flying across the asphalt under the streetlight.Nina was all alone among the ash shadows. And she was frightened. All of her brethren had gone away, and she was the only one out in the primordial wilderness, so untamed and full of apparitions. The moment lasted for a few seconds, and then she came to her senses, grabbed the doll dishes, and rushed inside the building. But she always remembered it.She had gotten carried away with playing. Life had cracked, and something unfamiliar was flowing out of the crack. But the current developments were so compelling to Nina that she wasn’t afraid of visions, or darkness, or any strange silhouettes lurking behind the dark trees and bushes.“You think too much,” Max said once. “And you keep quiet too much as well.”“What?” Nina asked. “Oh, please forgive me. I promise, I’m listening carefully.”“Honestly?” Max wondered. “You seem as if you’re somewhere very far away. It’s almost like you didn’t actually come out with me, like you stayed at home. Why is that?”They were silent, and without waiting for an answer, he went on to tell her about something else.Nina sat across from him and listened. But considering what he had said to her, was she actually listening to his words? No. She was thinking about herself, and his words and her answers were just the background.That day was the first time she ever felt like she had stayed too long at his place. Like she missed the moment she should have left. She felt awkward about it. This had never happened before. She was lying on the couch, flipping through the magazine B&W, which Max had sent to her from America. She really loved that magazine, but now she was leafing through it mechanically, page after page, just running her eyes over the pictures.Meanwhile Max made some phone calls, calling the people by their names, and they were unfamiliar names—Nina had never heard of these people before. He laughed at someone else’s jokes and went over details noteworthy only to the two of them.She tried to understand what annoyed her so much. Some subtle falsehood, a slight warp in the curvature of space. And suddenly she figured it out: there was a scent. It was the new cologne Max was wearing. She had seen a bottle on the bathroom shelf that hadn’t been there until quite recently. Max never wore cologne. Ever. And this new scent did not go with his usual appearance—light hair, a child’s lips. The smell was sharp, alien, and it wasn’t there by chance—Nina could feel something new in Max that day.She felt melancholy.That day she had gone to see him immediately after getting back from Rogozhin.They had made this date and postponed it twice. And this sort of thing had happened before. Somehow it never worked out. Somehow the plan always fell apart, went awry, and ended up a bust. Even Max could somehow vaguely see it, as though he and his life were separated from Nina by a hazy silk or gauze. Where did it come from, this new veil, she asked herself, and why am I so bad at seeing through his murky walls?And that smell . . .An unclear anxiety had been tormenting her for the past few days. Days? Maybe it’s been weeks? Nina couldn’t remember when it started.“You know,” she said, when Max had finally finished his phone conversations and they had moved to the kitchen. Nina liked looking out his kitchen window at the fading sky and at the trembling tops of the maple trees. “Sometimes I think my senses are underdeveloped.”“What do you mean?” Max didn’t understand.“It’s like I only live halfway. Something will be happening to me and I don’t even care. People replace each other—some appear, others disappear, and I watch them all like they’re shadows on the wall.”“Hm. Have you had this sensation a long time? Or only recently?” Max asked. She could suddenly hear fatigue in his voice, and she wondered if perhaps she had introduced this conversation in vain.“No,” she said. “It’s always been there. I’ve always lived in some kind of unreal reality. In childhood I used to get my dreams confused with reality. I am able to keep them straight now, though. There are more and more people around me, time has accelerated, and I’m taking on more and more work, but it isn’t in my nature. It’s not me. People tend to get so busy with their affairs, suffering and rejoicing over them. And I look at everything like I’m having a dream.”“That’s strange. Aren’t you all wrapped up in your work?” Max was genuinely surprised. “I’ve always thought you were enthralled with it.”“From time to time I do get carried away, yes. Of course it’s fascinating. But really, is there any comparison between me and other people? Ksenia, for example.”“What about Ksenia?”“She’s changed, gotten really dark. She’s saving money: she bought a plot of land near Moscow and is planning to build a cottage. She had the sketches drawn up. Picture it: her cottage will have four floors! Eight bathrooms. Eight! Every bedroom will have its own bathroom. And there will be a sauna and a swimming pool. I just can’t wrap my brain around it! And this is Ksenia we’re talking about—she’s sensible, unpretentious. And you know what she was talking about not that long ago? How wonderful it is to live in a studio apartment. That she wouldn’t change her life for anything. And she was completely sincere, talking from the heart. And suddenly now she’s a different person.”“That’s too many bathrooms. I just can’t imagine it. But your Ksenia is understandable. Everything depends upon the thickness of the pie. She never had the opportunity to taste such pies before, and now here they are for the eating. But tell me, why don’t you bail on this work if the pies don’t appeal to you? If none of this really grabs you, why not leave?”“Bail? I could never just bail. I’ve never even thought about it. Okay, if I’m being honest, I did think of an excuse at first. I thought maybe I could take off and travel with you, and I just needed to save up money for it. Forgive me for not telling you about this. But in fact that’s not it. Not exactly the thing. It’s just that there’s so much happening with me, you know? So much going on. Things are gaining momentum, and I’m not thinking about how it ends. I can’t quit the game itself. It’s like a train—you can’t jump off while it’s moving. I feel like something important still hasn’t happened. It’s still ahead of me.”Max looked at her very closely.“In my opinion, it’s not that feeling you have a problem with, it’s willpower. You don’t have the willpower. I don’t even understand it: How can it be? You’re a grown woman, after all. Intelligent, well educated. How can you be so amorphous?”“Amorphous,” Nina repeated, drawing the word out slightly. She pondered it for a few seconds, trying to understand its meaning properly. “It’s just that every meeting, every event I experience isn’t just its own thing, but . . . How could I explain this better? It’s like a road sign.”“And where does your road lead?”“That’s what I’m trying to figure out. That’s the most interesting part!”“All the same, you are very strange,” Max said, scratching his chin. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina never remembered any of the Spanish parents. She only remembered the children.She especially remembered a girl named Kristina, Tisha for short. Perhaps because it was one of those rare occasions in which Nina was able to make friends with the Spanish couple. The friendship didn’t get snuffed out when the envelope with the advance payment was transferred to Ksenia’s folder or when the entire amount was paid in full. Even after the final documents were formalized, and a foreign passport obtained with the child’s new name in full—Kristina Olga Puig, with a black-and-white, anxiously expressive photograph—the connection lingered. There was another photograph of Tisha, large and in color, that sat on Nina’s desk: a tall, severe girl with a look about her that was completely Catalan. She was wearing a ballet skirt—Tisha was enrolled in a dance studio.Tisha lived in a children’s home for almost a year, but she didn’t learn how to play with the other children. She couldn’t do it and didn’t like it, because she had grown up the only child in a dying village and had never played with anyone. It was considerably difficult to involve her in play—Tisha dutifully performed everything that was demanded of her, but as soon as the teacher moved away the game would stop. But she had a magical glade in the far corner of the yard where she knew every blade of grass, every pinecone, every crack in the tree bark. She pulled the fragrant pine resin off the tree, rolled it into little beads, and sucked on them like candy. She stuck the pine needles carefully into the tree’s pliable flesh as though long-legged creatures were climbing to the top. In the winter she ate snow and swallowed the clean, forest-scented water with delight.The neurologist from the regional hospital said Tisha was most likely autistic. He wasn’t in any hurry to settle on a diagnosis, but he was planning to transfer her to a correctional boarding school that winter, just in case.Tisha’s world shrank to the size of her glade after her mother’s sister, Aunt Nastya, died.Aunt Nastya was older than Tisha’s mother and looked more like a grandmother than an aunt. Large, stout, with thin gray hair and unhealthy, yellowish skin, she suffered from shortness of breath and was hospitalized several times for her heart. Aunt Nastya thought her younger sister, Tisha’s mother, was a worthless floozy. Tisha learned in early childhood that her mother was a drunk and that her older brother, Vanechka, had died from alcoholism some years before. Her mother was always shacking up with some “uncle.” First they lived with Uncle Slava, who reacted decently to Tisha, was peaceful and kindly, but was a hard drinker. Uncle Slava was followed by Uncle Misha, then Uncle Slava appeared again, this time a different one, and then the first, who Tisha called Papa, died after drinking brake fluid when he had a hangover.Aunt Nastya had a house and a small farm: chickens, a cow, and a dog named Squirrel. The cow was called Manyanya and was skittish—nobody could approach her except Aunt Nastya. Aunt Nastya loved Squirrel almost more than she loved Tisha. Despite village customs to the contrary, Squirrel hung around inside the house year-round, eating off the table and even sleeping in the bed with the lady of the house.The chickens were typical, as identical as acorns, and they didn’t have names.In the spring Tisha helped Aunt Nastya in the garden. She liked to dig the little holes in the loose black earth and drop in the potatoes and onions, and then level the dirt over them with her hands. The earth smelled sweet as it came to life in the spring, and sometimes Tisha couldn’t resist shoving messy, aromatic clumps of it in her mouth, chewing and swallowing because it tasted better than any candy, and it gave Tisha the momentary feeling that she was a night crawler or a beetle larva. Everything in Aunt Nastya’s household was generally delicious—the bread, the kitchen, the beet moonshine—everything smelled hearty and rustic.Back when Aunt Nastya worked, it was as an accountant. She issued all the collective farmers their wages, and the village respected her. Salaries were being issued less and less frequently, and the men went to Aunt Nastya in the office window to sort out the situation, as though she was the one who brought the money in from the city and decided who got what. Aunt Nastya would argue with them until she was hoarse: she was not the one in charge of the money, and like everyone else she hadn’t been paid for several months. Their drunken tirades could sometimes be heard late into the night out in the courtyard.The collective farm program finally collapsed, the farm closed, the cows were sent to the slaughterhouse, and Aunt Nastya found herself out of work. But even then she didn’t get upset, didn’t try to wash away her sorrow like the neighbors. Aunt Nastya began to distill and sell moonshine. Moonshine was made by many housewives in the surrounding villages, and this could be seen as a lesson of how, from the standpoint of village morality, nothing was reprehensible. Quite the opposite: thorough and honest Aunt Nastya brewed clean, good-quality moonshine, which was a salvation for the neighborhood women. If it weren’t for her, their men would buy some deadly poison from a Gypsy.In the same way she used to itemize as an accountant, Nastya poured her home brew into plastic bottles she gathered from the surrounding territory and sold them quietly off the porch. Aunt Nastya’s business took off, and she stored the money carefully behind a painting hanging in her room above the bed.The first time Tisha spent the night at Aunt Nastya’s was the year the first Uncle Slava disappeared and before the emergence of the second Uncle Slava. Greedy and evil Uncle Misha was temporarily hanging around during this time. Her mother lived in style: she slept late and hosted guests late into the night, guests who brought cheap vodka and snacks like liverwurst, onion, and bread. The guests hollered and danced, chasing the food with vodka, even the bread on which the slices of sausage and onions were stacked. Sometimes Aunt Nastya would show up to bring Tisha some treats, but after she left, the goodies got swept into the party and disappeared quickly into the bellies of the guests.Tisha and her mother lived in an old log cabin they and Aunt Nastya had inherited from their grandmother. The house had just one large room, with a kitchen and a large Russian stove built into the corner, which had a sleeping platform on top of it for their bed in the winter. The floors were never washed, the linens never freshened, and they went to bed in their clothes, directly on the mattresses. There were so many cockroaches that when Tisha watched the wall where they raced around in the evening, it looked to her like they were running in circles.Tisha wasn’t scared of the cockroaches, but she was scared of the stove: the stove was associated with a terrifying memory. Once Tisha woke up in the night and discovered that she probably had the flu again—the pain in her temples was crushing her head, colorful circles blurred before her eyes, and the blanket felt as dry and brittle as paper. Tisha threw up and then stepped in it, jumped back in time with her breath, then got up and wandered into the kitchen, where there was a bucket of water. The bucket was empty; nobody had gone to get water in the evening. Tisha rattled the scoop and went to the bed to pester her mother. She hadn’t woken up for a long time, and Tisha cried as she shook her shoulders like a giant ugly doll. Then she was really scared and started pinching her cheeks and pulling her hair. Her mother finally woke up and had a hard time lifting her head. She got up bleary-eyed and staggered around drunkenly, even though Tisha knew she hadn’t had a guest that evening and hadn’t had anything to drink.“Goddammit,” her mother moaned, darting to the stove and jerking open the damper.She flung herself at the window, yanked the bolt, and threw it open, although it was a frosty night outside. A frigid wind blew in Tisha’s face. She was about to complain to her mother that she was sick, but then circles in front of her eyes merged into a solid purple haze, and Tisha lost consciousness.It was already daylight when she came to, and the sun was starting to peek into the room. There was lively kitchen noise in the house: the rattle of the bucket, the striking of a match, something being cut with a knife on a wooden board. Tisha guessed that Aunt Nastya had come to take care of them. She almost didn’t feel sick anymore, but her blanket had a layer of snowdrift on it, and her whole body was weak.She never understood what happened that night—all she knew was that the stove was to blame, and since then she had been terrified of it, as though some surly spirit was always dozing in that dark clay womb.Her mother took it easy after the incident with the stove, but not for long: soon the new Uncle Slava would appear, and once again the rafters would be full of smoke. The moonshine ran out, and there hadn’t been any food to begin with. Tisha was starving and went more and more regularly to Aunt Nastya on the next street. She welcomed her, fed her, and diverted her from the corner of the room where the moonshine bottles were lined up behind the door and where there was a wardrobe and a TV.One time her mother locked the house, took off for the next village, and went on a bender for a week. On the third day, Aunt Nastya broke down the door with an ax and got a barely-alive Tisha out of the icy house reeking of cockroaches. After that, Tisha moved to Aunt Nastya’s. Her mother showed up, swearing and acting menacing in the window, but Aunt Nastya wasn’t afraid of her and refused to give back her niece.One time Tisha and Aunt Nastya got on a bus, rode into the city, and tracked down a tall yellow building. Aunt Nastya talked for a long time about something with some important city ladies, who interviewed Tisha about her life with her mother, about the incident with the stove, about Uncle Misha and Uncle Slava. Aunt Nastya signed some kind of papers. Tisha felt like her life was somehow undergoing a serious change.Finally, a very important lady smelling of perfume and with a tall hairstyle said to her, “Well Kristina, let’s have an answer. Do you want to live with Anastasia Sergeevna?”“Yes, I want to,” Tisha said quickly, recognizing that Anastasia Sergeevna was her Aunt Nastya. “What about my mama?” she added after a pause.“Your mama was killing you with hunger,” the lady said in a low voice, exchanging looks with Aunt Nastya. “Live with your aunt, and we’ll see how it goes.”And so it was decided. Tisha and Aunt Nastya passed back through all the offices smelling of perfume and left.From then on Tisha lived at Aunt Nastya’s house as a legal resident.Her mother showed up drunk sometimes, demanding the return of Tisha.“We’ll talk about it in the morning,” Aunt Nastya always replied calmly, but her mother was always sober by morning, forgot about her tears the night before, and never returned for her daughter the next day.Then one day there was trouble. It wasn’t the first day her mother and Uncle Slava had been drinking at her mother’s house, where they were casually drinking up Uncle Slava’s earnings. When they drank up everything that had been set aside in advance, Uncle Slava sent her mother on a search for alcohol. Her mother usually didn’t go to Aunt Nastya—she knew her sister wouldn’t give her anything to drink—but now there were no other options. She and Uncle Slava had an altercation about it that day, and he had already quit with the tearful kissing and was silently fighting the beast.“Pour me some, Nastya. Slavka won’t let me come home,” her mother whined at the window. “He’ll beat me to death. You took Tishka from me, so now help me. And be quick about it!” she wailed.This time her mother hung around the door longer than usual. She called Aunt Nastya dirty names, kicked at the door, and tore at the paneling, and her aunt also swore back at her, and then in the morning lamented that her heart and hands ached. Aunt Nastya didn’t have time to pay attention to her heart and hands, because, as usual, she was making cabbage soup for the week, feeding Squirrel and the chickens, and milking the cow. By the evening things had become quite bad, but she held on and refused to open the door for her drunk sister.Her mother finally left.Aunt Nastya lay down early, without eating supper. Tisha ate by herself, heated the kettle, and made tea for Aunt Nastya, then had a hard time finding a place for the cup on the table, which was crowded with medicine bottles, old recipes, newspaper clippings, jars of seeds, candies that were stuck together, and various pairs of Aunt Nastya’s eyeglasses, which she had for all manner of occasions. After drinking her tea, Tisha settled down to sleep.That night they came back together—her mother and Uncle Slava. Something bad had gone on that night: Uncle Slava emerged from the coal-black darkness and started breaking down the door. Her mother sobbed with drunken tears, grabbed at his arms, and hung her arms around his neck, trying to stop him. Squirrel flew at the door like a fluffy white ball, bursting with a shrill bark. Tisha woke up and ran to her aunt’s room. Aunt Nastya was sitting on the bed without the lamp on.“I want you to hide, Tisha,” she said adamantly. “Put on a hat and coat and get in the cellar, and don’t let them get to you.”“What about you and Squirrel?” Tisha wailed. “I don’t want to leave you!”“I told you to hide!” her aunt yelled. “We’ll take care of it,” she said, rising heavily from the bed. “Ugh, they’re shameless.”She moved slowly into the hallway, where a distraught Squirrel was racing around.“Don’t break the house, I’m opening up right now, take what you need and get out of here,” Aunt Nastya shouted at the door, but the door didn’t listen and continued to crash hard, rhythmically.Aunt Nastya unlocked the deadbolt, but the door wouldn’t open: it had been too violently pounded from the outside. Having forgotten his reason for being there, Uncle Slava fought with the door, not realizing he needed to pull on it to open it.Tisha grabbed her coat off the hanger, but she didn’t crawl down into the cellar—instead she huddled under Aunt Nastya’s wide bed. The bedroom door was open, and Tisha could see the hallway and the door, as it groaned beneath Uncle Slava’s fists. The blows abruptly stopped and there was silence, and the silence brought a very creepy feeling into the house. Aunt Nastya pressed her ear to the door and listened. Then, without turning on the light, she looked out the window.Squirrel barked abruptly again and cowered beside the door.They had returned. This time Uncle Slava was armed with some heavy object: the door began to crack, shuddered, and then fell into the house.The first terrible blow struck Squirrel as he squealed in rage. Tisha saw the dog fly against the wall and freeze in a white lump on the floor.The next blow fell upon something big and bulky—Aunt Nastya, who gasped and fell silent, like she’d gone to sleep.Then it got quiet, and in that silence a pair of boots slowly and quite soberly moved about the house. Tisha saw them plod to the hallway, where her aunt’s bucket was kept, along with the empty plastic bottles for moonshine and the three-liter milk bottles—as if they didn’t dare go inside the part of the house where they were supposed to take off their shoes. They looked around in the hallway, and from there they stomped into the kitchen, then into Tisha’s room, and finally into Aunt Nastya’s bedroom. The boots stopped a meter from Tisha’s face, like they were sniffing around. Tisha tried not to breathe as she watched them with wide, terrified eyes from her dusty refuge.And then the neighbors came running at her mother’s droning cries. The police arrived from the district center. Uncle Slava was handcuffed and taken away, and they searched the house, going from room to room and calling for Tisha, who didn’t answer and just lay there under the bed until morning, watching the spot where there had until quite recently been a pair of canvas boots.They buried Aunt Nastya without Tisha. Tisha was taken to the hospital and held for observation, just in case. They had finally managed to drag her out of her aunt’s house, which now smelled like blood. It didn’t occur to anyone to go get the child for the funeral, since she had no relatives, save her mother. Tisha knew that her aunt had died, and that she was buried in the cemetery of a neighboring village. Tisha had visited there a number of times to see the graves of her grandmother and late brother. Those times Aunt Nastya bustled around the graves pulling weeds, loosening the earth with a shovel, planting daisies, and then she arranged dyed eggs and pieces of cake, poured some vodka in a glass, and set them under the cross. Meanwhile Tisha would walk around the cemetery and once dragged back a very colorful bouquet of beautiful plastic flowers that she had gathered from other graves, but for some reason Aunt Nastya took them from her and threw them out.Tisha tried to imagine how her aunt was put in the coffin and then buried in the frozen clay surrounded by silver crosses.Then she imagined her aunt in a white kerchief with an icon on her chest—the way her grandmother had been buried—strictly focused eyebrows and a tightly closed mouth, lying deep in the cramped darkness, one with the frozen earth and the melt of a partial thaw. But she felt at peace about her aunt. Death was accepted in the village. It was most often mature, respectable people who died, and their deaths were fussed over by their relatives. Nobody cried, they filled a table full of food around which they sat ceremoniously, and the place of honor was taken by a photograph of the deceased, and next to it a glass of vodka with a slice of black bread, and each time Tisha puzzled over why the meal was so delicious—with cheese, sausage, and bacon—and the dead person only got a dried-up loaf of rye that a cat wouldn’t eat, and certainly not her aunt’s darling Squirrel.Death was a serious and substantive matter, but nobody feared it, so Tisha knew quite well that everything was fine with her aunt.But she couldn’t let go of the thoughts about Squirrel. She was plagued by constant anguish, tormented by nightmares that wouldn’t let her sleep. Tisha didn’t know who had taken Squirrel’s body out of the house and what they did with it. And what if Squirrel was still alive? Who would take care of her? Who would feed her chicken and sour cream, like Aunt Nastya did when she was alive?Her mother showed up one day crying drunken tears, promising to take Tisha. Uncle Slava was “sitting”—meaning sitting in prison—which Tisha imagined meant he was sitting at a wide table, spitting out chunks of fish, and holding an ax in his lap. Then it was explained to Tisha that Uncle Slava was serving time in prison, and that he wouldn’t be returning.Tisha went silent for a long time. Like an ancient old woman, she didn’t have the strength to respond to the questions the police, doctors, nurses, and staff of the district children’s home kept asking her. By summer she had thawed a little, but there weren’t any Russian families interested in taking such an unattractive and morose child into their homes.In late September, Nina brought the Catalans named Joan and Núria to get acquainted with Tisha. They were from Cadaqués, the very city where Salvador Dalí once lived.As had happened before, Ksenia refused to go, and Nina did an excellent job by herself. Nina didn’t object—she liked being in charge of the trip; when she was in charge there wasn’t any conversation to distract her from the landscape speeding by outside the window.There were heavy rains from late August to mid-September, and the lush green forests shed all their leaves before they had a chance to turn yellow. But then it warmed up for a balmy old wives’ summer, during which the trees along the highway turned gold.The van looked like an aquarium on wheels from the outside: motionless pale faces were hiding in the reflections of the clouds and trees.The town of Ozeretsk, where Tisha’s children’s home was situated, was even farther out than the Konkovo village. Nina and Vitya left early just in case, planning to have breakfast when they got there. The department of education explained the route to Vitya in detail, and they got there in just half an hour.Vitya had learned somewhere that Ozeretsk was several centuries older than Rogozhin, and Nina was looking forward to a long-awaited appointment with Russian antiquity, which she didn’t find enough of in Rogozhin. But contrary to her expectations, they didn’t find any antiquity in Ozeretsk: the streets were dirty, covered with a thick layer of caustic dust that filled the cab of the van, finding its way in even though the windows were tightly closed. The wooden houses were impoverished and unattractive. While they rolled around the city looking for the children’s home, Nina noticed several churches, but not one of them looked old. The city was one big, messy village sprawling in all directions, lined with gray five-story buildings at its edges.But Nina liked the Ozeretsk children’s home. It was a smaller building, with two floors, just like in Konkovo, but an area with pine trees grew nearby. The smell of pine needles and resin wafted through the air, and the branches of the ship-like pines rocked in the warm autumn breeze.The director of the orphanage, a young guy not even Nina’s age, was embarrassed and shy. He saw foreigners infrequently, and nobody before that had ever given him Spanish Rioja wine; a tall, narrow-necked bottle of olive oil; or coffee in an elegant box. The director quickly hid their offerings in his desk.Then they brought Tisha to the office.Tisha had rickets, gray eyes, and dull ash-blond hair. This here is an authentic Russian child, Nina thought. Not at all a Scandinavian blonde, like some people might imagine. As the Spanish couple laid their gifts out on the table, Tisha’s face didn’t change. A smiling Barbie in a ball gown embroidered with sequins made no impression. Then Joan sat Tisha on a chair, took out a photo album, and began to look through it slowly, page by page. There was Núria in a sundress at the beach, and Joan himself, tanned and in a T-shirt and shorts. A town square, a fountain, the seashore, the empty, sunny streets of Cadaqués, and finally a dazzling little white house, where the family lived year-round. This little house by the sea, unpretentious and not at all rich, touched Nina’s heart. She had the immediate desire to climb the warm steps decorated with colorful tiles and sit on the chaise longue in the soft autumn shadows. But Tisha remained indifferent. She couldn’t understand what all this carefree, tranquil beauty could have to do with her life.Here was what it looked like inside the house: an orange lampshade and a round table like at Nina’s dacha. Nina would not be surprised at all to find a windowsill full of pots with plants sprouting. Behind the table she could in fact see a windowsill, and on it a large seashell—not from the Mediterranean but from the tropics, from the Indian Ocean.Wicker chairs, dresser, sofa. A towel hung from the back of a chair, crumpled after being used beside the sea.And on that sofa was a little white dog of no clear breed, looking straight at the camera, its head cocked a little to one side, in that very touching canine manner that indicates suspense and an almost human effort to understand something. And then Tisha did something unexpected: she grabbed the album, leaped to her feet, and ran yelling to the shy director, appealing to him and Nina at the same time, and to the strange people speaking an incomprehensible language.“It’s her! That’s Squirrel! That’s Squirrel, right?” She looked at Nina with pleading eyes, her mouth open in excitement.“Of course, that’s really a squirrel,” Nina answered shamelessly, feeling it was the best thing for her to agree completely and not question why this children’s home girl named Tisha was calling a friendly, good-natured mutt a squirrel.A little later Nina sat on a bench in the courtyard with Tisha and listened. Someone later said that the girl had never talked so much or with such liveliness. There were small, round trees growing next to them—the heart-shaped leaves were breaking away from the branches and falling softly on the bench. Nina was in an awkward position with the Catalans—she had to listen and translate, listen and translate, turning her head constantly from right to left, right to left. And she listened and responded. But there was a problem: Tisha had somehow gotten the idea that it was Nina who had showed up with the photo album.For a few moments the gray little girl had, like a bird, built herself a nest right on Nina’s left side—quite the tiny, weightless little nest, in which Nina herself settled in as a six-year-old girl, only very little. Nina couldn’t pat that little girl’s hair like she did with Tisha, but she felt warm inside and was filled with peace and the strange certainty that everything happened for a reason, and that it would all be okay. That life events, even humble, unnoticeable minutiae, were braided into a complex pattern impossible for anyone to visualize in its entirety. And everything was a part of this pattern—Tisha’s red boots and the pine trees around the children’s home, Nina’s parka with wooden toggles, the bookmark with the motto from the Cervantes Institute, and Núria’s black leather bag from which the Cadaqués photo album came. And, of course, two people who didn’t just happen to meet each other: they shared one life as two, just not forever. After warming up in the evening, the sky held them gently in the palm of its see-through hand, and it felt like they were immortal.But from the moment little Tisha settled in beside Nina, she weighed heavily on her, and it was almost unbearable to look at the gray two-story building beside the golden birches, and a yard covered with a mess of leaves, with a bench and a gate, next to which there were two cars with local plates—a minivan and a dead sedan—and Vitya’s Barguzin parked unobtrusively a little farther away.Only the pine trees were good—the pines were as pleasing as they had been before.That was when Nina made the decision: if for some reason the Catalans, Joan and Núria, refused to take her, she would take Tisha herself—she would adopt her, formally establish custody, gather all the paperwork required by the department for Russian citizens to adopt so Tisha would no longer be in the custody of the children’s home.It was the first and the last time Nina ever thought about adopting a child herself.But they never even thought to reject the girl. The Catalans signed everything that was necessary and went back to Cadaqués to finalize the documents. It felt like those documents took a thousand years to wrap up.Autumn came to an end.In late October, the first snowfall hit the ground and melted immediately, but autumn didn’t return.Nina had a thought about Tisha. Then she thought, Did something just happen?She called Ozeretsk after begging Ksenia for the phone number. She said the clients had asked for it, just in case. After all, she couldn’t just be calling up for no reason.They brought Tisha to the phone. “Tisha,” Nina cried into the receiver. Her voice flew along the lines through the Moscow and Rogozhin areas to distant boundaries, but there was only breathing in response, as though Tisha was asleep with the receiver in her hand.Joan and Núria returned to Russia that winter—right in the middle of that damp, dark, strangely warm December.Tisha cried on the road from Ozeretsk to Moscow. Nina wondered if she even recognized them at all. Fish Speak Spanish Silently, that annoying motto, kept running through her head like an invigorating pop song. The fish in these lakes and rivers were in fact probably keeping quiet that day, only not in Spanish or Russian, but in their slow fish language: the first frost had hit, and the pond was frozen over.The oblong aquarium of the Barguzin flew along the route, only now there were five heads hiding among the moving reflections in its gloomy depths, four large and one small.The fields out the window were covered with a thin layer of white. It was getting dark, and soon they couldn’t see anything except the headlights of the oncoming cars and the little eyes of taillights. But the whiteness and the cold were still discernible through the dense darkness, because Nina and Vitya were inhabitants of the North, and they could always feel the white and cold somewhere nearby, even in their dreams.The only thing changing was the weather: by morning everything was washed out and swampy, which made the air wet and muggy, saturated with the scent of gasoline. And they called this December! Nothing was left of the glassy whiteness, and melted along with it was the shy expectation that life sometimes brought abrupt changes, and at the last minute. Because nothing could be changed now: inside Núria’s leather bag with the photo album was a brand-new passport in the name of Kristina Olga Puig with an anxious black-and-white photograph. Before long Tisha flew to Cadaqués, and the first ready-made story formed in Nina’s head, a little novella that, for the time being, she wasn’t ready to notice. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] After going to another restaurant with Ksenia, Nina went to see Max.The last time they had seen each other was a while ago, and it had been rushed for some reason, and businesslike. Max was going to Stockholm for a week and was thinking through what he needed to pack. He showed her some new photographs, and then they left his building together and went down to the metro station. Then they went their separate ways.This time Nina was in the kitchen drinking tea and staring, and not taking her eyes off Max as he made himself coffee. He set the little Turkish coffeepot on the flame and held it by the handle as he poured in the boiling water. Coffee rushed upward in a froth, and a few drips trickled down the sides of the pot. The flame hissed.“Oh, to hell with it!”“Why are you having coffee at night?” Nina was surprised.“Lots of work.” Max tipped the pot into a small coffee cup. It seemed like he was angry with her.“Lots of work? And you didn’t say anything? We can do this next time.”“And when will that be, this ‘next time’?” Max answered dryly, not looking at Nina. “You have almost no time, and then you notice I’m going away somewhere . . .”“Yes, you’re right,” Nina answered as she put a piece of sugar in her mouth: her head was spinning from fatigue and sleeplessness. Her mother once told her that sugar helped.“You still can’t stop?” Max asked suddenly.“Stop?” Nina looked up in surprise.“I mean your work.”“I can, of course.” She shrugged. “Only, what for? I don’t see the sense in it. I have everything set up just right—why throw it all away? I have to take the money as long as it keeps flowing into my hands. And then later I’ll be done with it, you’ll see. I’ll save up and be done with it. Besides, you work even more than me, and it’s fine.”“I’m a different story. First of all, I love my job. This is my calling. It’s a choice, you know? My own conscious choice. I’m not just floating adrift, watching the road signs. Secondly, my work is very interesting to me. Different people, different countries . . .”They were silent. Max took a sip of coffee and looked out the window. The multicolored lights of the city, the tall buildings, and the dark masses of the university’s greenery were visible from the fifth floor.“I understand everything,” Max said suddenly, looking intently at Nina. His eyes seemed dim to her, dark, like rusty coins at the bottom of a fountain. “You have simply lost your mind.”It seemed like he didn’t want to say this, as if the words escaped his lips by themselves. He was conflicted.Nina looked back at Max. She sank into a strange state, like that day she held that mysterious book in her hands. She focused her willpower and listened to him intently and deeply.In this state, and Nina already knew this about herself, she was absolutely dispassionate, and every word, every event—the flight of a dry leaf, the distant barking of a dog in the quiet backwoods, a shadow running across someone’s face—was suddenly filled with a deeper meaning. But she wasn’t indifferent as she was contemplating all this. She just didn’t let her attention wander, didn’t let it connect with either the dry leaf or the shadow. She watched everything as if from the outside, and this unusual perspective was very important; it made what she saw in front of her even more interesting and meaningful.And now when she looked at Max, she saw what she hadn’t wanted to see. That day she could see the membrane very clearly.Where did it come from? Maybe an unknown current had already swept Max away from her? Or maybe this foreignness was inherent, and Nina had only imagined a closeness with him?Nina remembered the whole story of their relationship from the beginning—that first day of winter, the café with the warm music, his childlike face when he sat across from her and argued about something serious with her, his bachelor pad apartment converted from an old space and decorated with photographs, his friends who looked at slender, long-legged Nina with obvious approval, his photo exhibit, and tram 39. Their time together was like a summer holiday. It was like a clear, gleaming light in the dark depths of the past. There was so much of everything—conversations, exhibits, walks around Moscow—which Max, child of the city center, knew very well. But where did Max and Nina fit within this nice motley mix? Were they really together, walking, touching each other sometimes, aiming at making love? It was possible that they weren’t. And if Nina had paid more attention to Max, she would have noticed this sooner. But Rogozhin had come up, and this was in and of itself a very bright road sign, one that increased the speed limit and required a great deal of focus. Max took the backseat role, and many of the little verbal hints that would have set off Nina’s alarms any other time swept past her.Every step along the way, Nina’s attention was like a flashlight running its beam over a dark accumulation of things she missed and accepted, which apparently didn’t just disappear, but instead piled up in the secret pigeonhole of memory and time, waiting patiently for Nina to notice them.“Lost my mind,” she said. “Where did you get that from?”“There’s too much change in this lifestyle you’re leading. This business about eight bathrooms? I’ve never heard of such a thing in one house! That is just insanity. And this enjoyment you get from shuttling between two cities? Normal people don’t operate that way. It’s an obsession. I’m sorry, but I can’t find a better word for it. And what you are obsessed with, I don’t even know. What is this obsession, Nina, will you tell me?”They were silent. Nina was still holding her attention on him.“I haven’t lost my mind,” she told herself slowly. “I just somehow can’t wake up.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina woke up to the phone ringing. Yulia was calling.“Are you asleep?”“Yeah, I was taking a nap.”“Sorry I woke you.”“It’s no big deal. Are you okay?”“Not really.” Yulia hesitated. “More precisely, not at all. And even more precisely, it’s all vile and disgusting . . .”“What’s the matter?”“I can’t, not on the phone.”Nina could hear Yulia sobbing.“Yulia, Yulia. Stop it—what’s wrong with you? I’m coming right over. I’m getting my clothes on right now.”Nina jumped up off the couch with the phone pressed against her shoulder as she buttoned her jeans.“It would be better if I came to you,” Yulia sobbed. “Can I?”“What could this be about? Just come!”Half an hour later, Yulia was sitting in Nina’s room. There were red spots from tears on her face, her eyes were narrowed, and her matted eyelashes were stuck together like arrow barbs. Surprisingly, Yulia in tears looked younger and newly ordinary.“What happened? Talk to me.”“The Spanish couple took the girl, and then went back.”“What girl? What do you mean ‘went back’?”“Irka’s Spanish couple. They already have their own baby. Intelligent people. He was a teacher; what she was I can’t remember. A clothing designer or something.”“Where’s Irka during all this?”“Irka is on a trip to Thailand. She hired me to sort out the rest of their case. So that’s what I did. The girl got sick, and—I’m such a fool, a damned fool! I gave them the number of a medical center. The American one.”“Why are you a fool?” Nina was shocked. “What you did was the right thing.”“It wasn’t legal. I should have taken a taxi and driven the girl to the hospital. I should have gone with them. And translated, most importantly. They’ve never been in contact with that clinic.”“What is it about this clinic?” Nina asked.In fact, she had already guessed what it was.Ksenia once told her that American families didn’t used to do get-acquainted sessions with their children by themselves: they would bring along an English-speaking doctor from Moscow, whose services they paid for themselves. According to Ksenia, the doctor, who was being paid quite well, unwittingly exaggerated everything and often dissuaded the clients from making a positive decision. Nina didn’t know if Ksenia was right about this, but there were reportedly a number of such cases.“Basically, after the doctor left, they made arrangements with the taxi driver, the husband and their son stayed at the hotel, and the woman went back to the children’s home and gave them back the girl.”Nina’s heart pounded.“Wait a minute . . . They don’t have the right to do that!”“What do you mean, they don’t have the right? They just returned her. It’s their baby, they’ll do what they want. It’s good that they took her back, at least. I heard about a couple once who went back and left the baby at the hotel.”“Spanish?”“No, I think they were Italians . . . I don’t remember exactly.”Yulia was speaking with difficulty, and she sat there, pale, as though she hadn’t slept that night.“Oh, I completely forgot—are you on the Internet right now?”“I’m always on the Internet.”“Let me have a seat.” Yulia sat down at Nina’s desk and opened a webpage. “Here, read.” Nina now had an article in front of her on LiveJournal, dated the day before.“Baby Betrayed Twice,” Nina said, reading the headline. “This happened just the other day.” She scrolled down. “A little girl named Olya was living in a children’s home in an ancient Russian city. She’ll be three years old next month. Her antisocial mother had AIDS and hepatitis C and rejected her in the hospital. The AIDS and hepatitis weren’t transmitted to Olya, but she was born with a congenital hip dislocation and endured ten months of confinement in braces. The staff spent little time with Olya: she was laid up in bed, and they almost never came over to her.“Generally speaking, all of these terrible diagnoses aren’t an obstacle to finding a foster family: girls can always be placed. But Olya was, in fact, quite unattractive. Her birth mother was a drinker, and this was reflected in her daughter’s appearance.“Olya had been refused by a number of Russian families and two Spanish families. The third agreed to take her. When they arrived at the children’s home for their get-acquainted session, Olya was brought out to them in a beautiful dress and new shoes. They played the piano for her and she danced. Then she drew, showed them how she could ride in a little car and dress up dolls. This third Spanish family agreed to take her.“Formalizing the paperwork took about four months. They bought tickets, applied for visas, and made the court appearance. Court went well, and Olya was officially recognized as their daughter. They left her with the Russian name Olya and gave her two Spanish names. Basically, everything was fine. But during the four months that passed after meeting the adoptive family, Olya was sick with an ear infection. She was given shots of antibiotics. The ear infection was cured, but she began limping noticeably on one leg. She could no longer dance or ride around in her little car. The doctors diagnosed her with a partial nerve palsy. It wasn’t exactly clear what caused the palsy. It was possible the nerve was damaged when the girl was confined to her braces. Another theory was that it was what was called post-injection palsy: the needle they used for the antibiotics damaged a nerve. Olya had to wear splints, and they ordered special shoes for her. The Spanish family was worried, but they didn’t give up on Olya.“The court’s ruling was issued two weeks later, and the girl became the legal daughter of the Spanish couple. The new parents received the final documents and got a passport made for their daughter, the unattractive girl with two traditional Spanish names—let’s say, Perez Garcia. They took Olya Perez Garcia to Moscow to get her travel visa.“They removed the bandages at the hotel and were disturbed: the girl’s leg was crooked. They got ahold of an English-speaking doctor on the phone, who agreed to come straight to the hotel. That evening the doctor examined the leg and said the condition was curable, but that it would require massage, physical therapy, and possibly even surgery. Worse than that: the girl suffered from fetal alcohol syndrome, which in most cases is a nonspecific diagnosis, but can complicate psychological and intellectual development.“The next morning the Spanish mother drove their legal daughter Olya Perez Garcia back to the ancient Russian city, where she handed her back to the same children’s home. Olya was designated a foundling. We’re not bringing her to Barcelona, it’s already been decided. This was what the parents said on the phone in response to phone calls and attempts at persuasion. We will send a statement renouncing parental rights.“The driver who drove Olya and her foster parents back said they were playing and laughing along the way. The girl was happy to get to ride in a car again. When they got back to the familiar ancient Russian city, to the same street, and drove up to the familiar building, Olya got quiet. She was an immobile doll when they later carried her away from the car.“Since Olya is now a Spanish citizen, a representative from the Spanish consulate has taken an interest in this whole affair, stating that his time at the consulate is currently focused entirely on this case.“People, I’m begging you: please help! Is there anything that can be done for Olya? Are there any families that might be able to help her?“Reposts would be appreciated.“Who wrote this?” Nina asked, shocked.“Me.”“What for?”“What do you mean, what for? We have to do something!”“You think this will help?”“I don’t know.” Yulia took off her glasses and bawled. Tears flowed down her cheeks, and Yulia wiped them away with her hand. “It probably won’t help. Somebody pointed that out, but it’s all just so . . . There are no words.”“What is it that you want from them? From your virtual friends?”“I don’t know. I just wanted someone else to think about Olya. Not just me. I thought maybe somebody would have some advice.”“And what have they advised?”“Nothing. They’re mostly sympathetic. A few of them were mean.”“How were they mean?”“They talked about how it wasn’t their problem. Like I didn’t have the right to post it. Such information should only be published in a database.”“They’re idiots.”“Why are they idiots? They have the right to say what they want. I already regret writing that post. It’s true, there was no point. There’s only one thing that can help, and that’s for someone to adopt Olya. And nobody will agree to do this.”“Of course. Russians don’t take in sick children.”“But here, look—here’s a link where someone took in a little Down syndrome girl . . . And there’s another family that adopted a disabled child.”“That’s strange. Why take a disabled child when you could get one that’s completely healthy?”“I don’t know. They’re devout, probably. They want to do good deeds. Only nobody at all wants Olya.”“And won’t ever want her, I think.”They sat there for a little longer, and then Yulia left.When she was by herself again, Nina immediately went to bed and slept until morning. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Worse than documents, telephone conversations with Spanish people, and the exhausting trips to Rogozhin, Nina felt oppressed by Ksenia’s constant need to shake the Spanish people down for cash.Sometimes Ksenia literally extorted money from the clients right in front of Nina, setting up the deal in the Barguzin like a genuine predator.Sitting next to her, Nina felt like sinking into the ground in shame every time. In her desperation she felt hate for Ksenia, but she couldn’t change anything.It would happen like this: at Ksenia’s signal, the van would stop on the dusty side of a country road far away from any houses—Ksenia deliberately chose overgrown, uninhabited spots. She would climb back from the passenger seat into the seats where Nina was sitting with a Spanish couple. She would take the money that was supposed to be paid before the court appearance, carefully recounting everything, meticulously examining all the bills, and putting them in her folder. Then she would say, after a pause, as if she was pondering something:“There would appear to be more folks in the car than we accounted for.”“Yes,” they would admit, “this is our own son. He really wanted to see his future brother, so we brought him with us.”“I depend on payment for extra passengers.”“He really takes up that much space?”“These are the rules.”“Is it a lot?”“Five hundred euros.”Those unfortunate five hundred euros weren’t levied only for a third family member, but also for a case in which a single woman adopting a child was afraid to travel to Russia alone and brought a companion. To Nina these additional fees seemed beyond shameless, but she didn’t dare argue with Ksenia.Ksenia made Nina collect these immense sums for additional visits to the children’s home. Only a small part of the money went to Nina and Vitya; most of it went to Ksenia, who didn’t actually go anywhere. Nina would simply pass the money on to her later when they were back in Moscow. It was terribly embarrassing to take the additional sum set by Ksenia: to the Spanish couples it looked like they were paying Nina personally.One time she had to take the money from several families at once, and then the thick envelope stayed at her apartment until she passed it on to Ksenia.To Nina’s surprise, Ksenia came to get that money herself, which she had prepared by writing Ksenia’s name across the envelope. Ksenia was rather fervent about it: she rolled up in front of Belorusskaya Station late in the evening when her mother was already asleep and Nina was half-dead from fatigue, with her nose buried in a book.I wonder, Nina reflected. Does she really not trust me? Is she really afraid the money is slipping through her fingers? What is it that she imagines? Does she think somebody might break down my door and make off with the money, or that I might steal it myself?While the Spanish people rummaged around in their pockets and purses to assemble the cash, Nina would sit in silence, her eyes downcast. It was like she had thrown these clients, with whom she had been chatting in Spanish only moments before, to some malignant bird of prey, and now they were being ruthlessly pecked and tormented as it walked its claws all over them and stuck its beak in their pockets and purses. The Spanish people reflected obediently in the sunglasses that completely hid Ksenia’s mocking eyes as they snuck fearful glances at the barren landscape outside the windows of the Barguzin. There was a field, emerald green like a swamp, behind which was a brown plowed field, and then another field planted with fragrant clover all the way to the horizon. The other side was overgrown grass with clumps of white daisies, little blue pools of chicory, and wild vetch, which the wind blew in stiff waves. A great peace dwelled in these fields, and only the grasshoppers chirped, sleepy and indifferent. It was very quiet in the ominous, murky woods, and only the sky up high was filled with the wistful warble of a lark over the distant outline of a remote village. They were afraid, Nina could see, too afraid to argue with Ksenia, and in the end they always paid what she demanded without a word. Nina was overcome by the resulting fear, a nauseating, stupefying, physiological wave of terror that emanated from the frightened victims. The money the Spanish people pulled out of their belt pouches in their hurried humiliation was still warm to the touch and damp with sweat. In a single moment, these people, who were respectable at home—doctors, lawyers, schoolteachers, modest farmers, or miscellaneous employees—who were used to maintaining dignity and had not once experienced such humiliation, turned into speechless, harried animals, and this metamorphosis was fascinating to Nina.An involuntary, intoxicating feeling of complete impunity arose in her. This was probably what looters experienced when they pillaged abandoned houses and yanked someone else’s clothes from the closets and drawers. Never before had Nina experienced a similar emotion, and she didn’t even have a clue that somewhere, in the depths of her being, she was gradually becoming used to these feelings. They were crude and primitive instincts, but they were becoming more transparent, more familiar to her.The only thing missing from this picture is a gun, Nina thought, drunk with adrenaline. Ksenia demands the money, and I’m sitting in front, and I pull a gun out and put it on my knees. And that’s when Vitya appears by the open door in the empty field, a sawed off shotgun with a blued barrel in his hands, or some such thing. How would they act then? Pee themselves in fright?Well, there was one Spanish parent who did try to argue with Ksenia. It happened toward the end of the time they were both still doing the trips together, when the original designated amount was unexpectedly declared too small, and Ksenia jacked up the price and demanded more money. Nina would always remember that day. It was a quiet, cloudy morning, the kind that was so typical of central Russia in the middle of spring. Rooks were flying over the thawed fields. The wet trees were glinting, but the asphalt had almost dried up. It only had dark spots of fantastic shapes in certain places that resembled unknown islands and continents.“Is this your relative?” Ksenia inquired, nodding at an elderly woman.“She’s the grandmother. My wife’s mother,” answered the Spanish man.“For relatives we charge separately,” Ksenia insisted. “By the way, I’m told by the translator that this is the second time she’s ridden along with you.”“Does it cost a lot?”“Five hundred for today.”“Euros?” The future father had his eyes fixed on his reflection in her impenetrable sunglasses, which made Ksenia look like a giant dragonfly. Nina had noticed right away that his eyes were unique—just a bit slanted, golden in color.“Well, certainly not rubles,” Ksenia responded calmly. “For today, there and back—five hundred. And for last time, for the first visit, too, there and back, five hundred. In total you owe us a thousand euros.”“A thousand euros?” The Spanish father stood up from his seat in astonishment. “But this is a very large amount!”“You should have inquired in advance how much it cost to bring an extra passenger in our car,” Ksenia snapped back. “Pay the thousand. Or we’re not going anywhere.”“We’re probably misunderstanding each other,” the adoptive father began diplomatically, offering Ksenia a calming gesture. “This woman is not a stranger. She’s the mother of my wife, the grandmother of our child. In the winter she got acquainted with her grandson. This is her first grandchild, you know? She wanted to come with us to court today. You can’t take money for her. It’s inhumane.”“Humane, inhumane,” Ksenia growled. “If you don’t want to pay, we’ll just wait here by the side of the road. And if you don’t care to wait, if you decide to get out right here, you won’t be going to court.”“What do you mean—how could that be?” the Spanish man asked very quietly.He stared, boring into Ksenia with his strange golden eyes. There was silence, with the exception of the wind’s insinuating rustle. Nina had the feeling they both might pull guns out of their pockets and point them at each other.“Just what I said,” Ksenia responded, accepting the challenge. “We won’t go to court, that’s all. You can’t do anything alone, I have half your documents, and if they don’t arrive the court appearance won’t take place.”She slapped a hand down over the folder with pleasure.That was a lie: all the documents had been submitted to the judge quite a while before. Nina knew all this but kept quiet about it, waiting for what would happen next with morbid curiosity.“You don’t have the right,” he objected, still very calmly. His imaginary gun was pointed at Ksenia’s head. First his index finger would pull the trigger, and then . . . “This is illegal activity. You will answer for this. There is a law, law enforcement agencies, sooner or later.”“You think they’ll help you?” Nina had never seen Ksenia’s face with such a terrible, icy stare. “Everybody in Rogozhin is paid off. Nobody would be interested in spoiling their relationship with me by communicating with you. Everything is controlled from above, and if you try to climb that ladder, there will be no baby for you. You’ll hear it with your own ears.”Ksenia remained unperturbed, staring bravely down the barrel of the invisible gun, a black point from which a bullet was just about to fly, and Nina had the feeling that she was not faking her lack of alarm at the situation.“The clock is ticking,” Ksenia added, taking out her phone and looking at the numbers on the screen. “Court begins in exactly forty minutes. We can make it if we leave now. And if you don’t pay, we’ll never make it.”And then the unexpected happened: having blushed all the way to the roots of his red hair, the gold-eyed Spanish man took out his leather wallet—not some ordinary Moroccan one but an expensive designer TOUS one with the emblem of a bear on it—and counted out a thousand euros, a pink five-hundred and five green hundreds. Nina monitored his hands closely and was able to count the bills. Then he threw them at Ksenia’s face.Oh yes, Spanish guy, well done! Nina mentally applauded him. Now, why don’t you spit right on her sunglasses. Come on, don’t be scared.But the Spanish man had already pulled himself together. He looked out the window and breathed heavily, forcibly restraining his rage. Ksenia calmly collected the money from the floor and put it in her folder. The engine started back up.“This is good,” Ksenia said quietly. “Now we can go.” She returned to her seat, Vitya calmly steered back onto the road, and from then on everything went just fine.“Aren’t you afraid someone will try to take revenge on you?” Nina asked when it was all over. Ksenia was in good spirits after being paid in full.“How could they take revenge?”“I don’t know. Shoot you?”“Are you serious?”“I’m joking. Maybe they won’t shoot you, but they could rat you out to the consulate.”“That would be useless,” Ksenia answered. “They can’t prove anything. They don’t have a payment receipt. We’ll deny everything. Believe me, they have no interest in doing something so stupid.”Indeed, time passed, and not a single Spanish soul complained about Ksenia. She seemed invulnerable, like an angel was guarding her time and time again with his avenging hand.Is this really you, Nina? Is this really what you’ve turned into? Nina had these thoughts in despair after yet another ugly showdown. Where did my clean intellectual life go? How long has it been since I opened a book or called Vostokova? It’s been almost a year since I went to her place, since I talked about Dalí with her or looked at the Kremlin out the window.She recognized her loss in these little details. When it was so immense, it was difficult to feel all of it in its entirety.None of it—her abandoned dissertation, her forgotten Dalí, the House on the Embankment, or the towers of the Kremlin—gave Nina any peace. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina often recalled that evening when she was first a guest at Vostokova’s apartment in the House on the Embankment, in that living room with a view of the Kremlin, where she would later visit many other times.It was early in her career as a student. Vostokova was giving lectures on contemporary literature in Spain, and these were the brilliant lectures—the ones in which it was impossible to take notes. There was always a small circle of admirers around her who blew off their other, more important classes, some of which required 100% attendance, just to follow her around. Among them were Yulia, Nina, and Dina—the one who warned Nina about the true intentions of that one employer with the mustache. Dina was now living in America.One day, Eva Giorgievna invited a small group of young Spanish scholars over to her apartment, the ones who hadn’t taken their enthusiastic eyes off her during the lecture. This happened shortly before exams, on the eve of Orthodox Christmas. They were yesterday’s teenagers, these modestly dressed girls—plaid coats, worn-down boots, knitted hats—with painful shyness in their every movement, and there was one young man, small in stature and wearing glasses, who was a gold medalist from one of the most prestigious language schools.Where are they now, those girls? Nina thought sadly.There were a couple she kept in contact with. One of her fellow students taught in the journalism department at the university, just like Yulia. Another had settled down with children, and Nina gave her documents to translate from time to time. And then there was Dina. Dina was Nina’s closest friend at the university, the most perky and nimble in their group. She got married and moved to New York. But fate was tragic for Gulnara, a stern, beautiful girl whose work on the history of romance languages was published in scientific journals back in the days when she was just a third-year student. A third-year student whose work was discussed by specialists—it was a sensation. The department was awaiting Gulnara with open arms, and she was looking forward to her career, but her parents arranged for the girl to marry a wealthy relative from a small Azerbaijani town right after she graduated from university. With barely enough time to take her final exams, without even writing a single scientific paper or enrolling in graduate school, and visiting her beloved Spain only once, Gulnara was gone forever.Nina didn’t know the fate of the young man. He was continuing his studies—that was all.There was one thing for certain: none of them were riding around Russia like Chichikov from Dead Souls, Nina thought. None of them are getting wads of money thrown in their faces. None of them are aiming an imaginary gun at the foreheads of Spanish citizens. God, what a disgrace, it’s so depressing. Have I been somehow dreaming all of this?In that magical, unimaginably distant evening, they met at Kropotkinskaya Station and walked to the House on the Embankment. They milled around at the front door for a long time trying to work the intercom—even in the Moscow city center, such a system was still a novelty at the time. In the freezing temperature, they pressed the button clumsily with their numb fingers, taking a while to figure out that they needed to warm their fingers with their breath before they rang the intercom. The Kremlin, which they had seen a thousand times, suddenly appeared in a new neighborhood and looked unusual from this new perspective, cozy. It was a clear, frosty night and the dark red Kremlin stars were shining distinctly and brightly. Nina and a girl in glasses admired the Kremlin and couldn’t believe they would be inside this extraordinary, legendary building in a few minutes. The intercom finally worked, the front door opened, the elevator took them to the seventh floor, and soon they were standing in Vostokova’s front hall, pulling off their scarves, hats, and coats and adjusting their hair in a mirror with an antique frame. The mirror itself was antique, tall, and shadowy, and everyone reflected in it looked prettier than they were. The housekeeper, Tatiana, who they had assumed was a relative of Eva Giorgievna, hung all their things in the closet.Their boots were lined up side by side, shyly burying their noses in the wall.Nina went into the living room, saw the Kremlin towers out the window, and was dumbstruck. She was at the center of the world, in the hot pulsating heart of life, like how things felt on the first day of university. That was a fresh, golden September day, when happy first years sang “Gaudeamus Igitur” at the direction of the choir director. It was a medieval student processional, and Nina didn’t know the words, but she sang anyway:Let sadness perish!Let those who hate perish!Let the devil perish!And also the opponents of the fraternitiesAnd their mockers, too!Standing among the first years, Nina felt like crying from delight. Her chest was filling with joy, which grew, filled to the brim, and finally poured ceremonial Latin out into the world, and this joyful voice joined up with hundreds of other young cheerful voices rising up to the vaults of the auditorium, to the university spire, and to the shining autumn sky.A set table was waiting in Eva Giorgievna’s living room, crammed with cakes, sweets, all sorts of salads, a porcelain dish with expensive, thinly sliced fish, and unusual sausage. Having taken a seat at the table, Nina didn’t know exactly how to handle this semitransparent sausage that had interested her from across the room, which turned out not to be sausage at all, but instead genuine Parma ham. Nina had read about it in books—put a thin pink rose petal on a piece of bread and eat it like a sandwich, or cut it into pieces with a knife and eat it with a fork like grilled meat, but soon Eva Giorgievna explained that neither way was right: the Parma ham was wrapped around melon, a small piece—there was a crystal vase on the table full of fruit impossible to find in the winter in Moscow, among which there were in fact slices of melon. “Please eat what you want,” she added with a smile, and then explained further that this spicy sausage here was not actually sausage, but chorizo. The Spanish add it to beans and potatoes, and these fish were not sprats, as they would appear at first sight, but anchovies, and in Catalonia they put them on bread rubbed with tomato and garlic, and that green pear wasn’t a fruit, but almost a vegetable, which was called an avocado, it was peeled and eaten with onions and peppers, and it’s not gross at all so there was no need to make a face. The taste of avocado is unusual, that’s true, but you’ll quite like it, you just need to get used to it. And they all tried it very quickly and got used to it, and then, like adults—since they were quite serious adult young women, and there was also the one young man in glasses, who had accidentally wormed his way in, that former model student—they poured glasses from the bottle of bitter Rioja, ruby red in the light, shimmering in the center of the clear glass, and they all clinked glasses for Orthodox Christmas and drank, even though two of the young women were Orthodox churchgoers, wearing long skirts, no makeup, and hair in a thin braid, because Orthodoxy was just coming into fashion back then, and Gulnara was a legitimate Muslim without any fashion, and it was forbidden for her to drink wine at all, but she tried it nonetheless, for the first time. Gulnara liked the Rioja. She smiled sheepishly at Eva Giorgievna, and drinking the wine made her cheeks crimson, like the roses of Baku.After the living room, they moved to the office. The decor in Eva Giorgievna’s office was no less shocking to Nina than the bright, blinding light in the living room, with the Kremlin stars and the soft, noiseless carpet. An antique chandelier with crystal pendants hung from the ceiling, projecting a fluid display of glints onto the wall. There was a wide desk near the window and oak shelves lined with books along the walls.The photographs hanging on the walls immediately caught Nina’s attention. She went closer, tilted her head back, and really took a look at them.These were big color photographs. People, white walls, the Spanish flag. Nina thought it had to be the Spanish embassy. There was a man in a white jacket bearing a resemblance to King Juan Carlos, arm in arm with a stern and formal Eva Giorgievna, who almost looked like a different person.“My late spouse,” said Eva Giorgievna, taking note of the question on Nina’s face.In another photograph—Nina was almost sure—she recognized a very young Gabriel García Márquez. His face was familiar to Nina; she had seen him in newspapers. Márquez was with that same man with the regal face and Eva Giorgievna in a white dress and a summer hat, with a pearl necklace around her neck. She was also much younger in that picture.“Bogota, ’73,” she explained. “We stopped in Colombia for an unofficial visit on a cruise around Latin America. Márquez was known around the world at that time. He had already written No One Writes to the Colonel, One Hundred Years of Solitude, In Evil Hour . . . My husband was friendly with him. I have a book that he signed.”The rest of the pictures cast Eva Giorgievna in a society of various other people. Nina didn’t recognize most of them, but some of the faces seemed vaguely familiar.Suddenly Nina’s heart froze, then quickly beat again. She felt hot, and she thought she was probably just intoxicated from that single glass of wine in the living room. There was a small black-and-white snapshot in a thin silver frame of a very young Eva Giorgievna in a business suit, with short hair, standing next to a man who was simply impossible not to recognize or to confuse with somebody else. A military tunic with its sleeves rolled to his elbows, a black beret, that incomparable white-toothed smile that forever charmed the entire world. Nina had no doubt: before her was a picture of that immortal and eternally young leader, that bearded idol with a look in his eyes that was both dreamy and bold at the same time.“It can’t be!” she said, unable to contain herself. “It’s Che Guevara!”“Why can’t it be?” Eva Giorgievna smiled as she let Nina interrupt her conversation. “Or are you surprised I look so young there? What to do, time flies. Yes, that’s Ernesto Guevara. In November of 1964 he visited the Soviet Union, and I was his interpreter.”Nina was frozen in front of the photograph. Dozens of questions immediately flashed through her head, questions that had already tormented her for a long time: How did Che Guevara die? Who was responsible for his death? Was it true that he was betrayed—betrayed by his own, perhaps even by Fidel himself on orders from Moscow? All of this reached the young people at the university in the form of vague, unconfirmed rumors, but nobody knew the real truth. The official version was accidental death when his guerrilla camp was surrounded . . .She didn’t dare distract Eva Giorgievna with more questions that evening.There were lavish art books laid out on the oak desk: El Greco, Gris, Miró, Picasso, Dalí. It was impossible to buy books with such a high quality of printing in Russia at that time. The girls and the honor-student boy examined them intently, asking Eva Giorgievna all sorts of questions about them.Nina sat down at the table and opened the Salvador Dalí book.She had never loved Dalí. He had always struck her as pretentious and grandiose—Nina couldn’t understand how one could intellectualize all those soft clocks, ants, dead donkeys, and The Great Masturbator. Is there even anything worth looking at in his paintings? Nina wondered over and over, examining reproductions in the other, more modest albums. Something other than all this artwork in the Avida Dollars style? Avida Dollars was his nickname, which played on his insatiable lust for money.And now, sitting in Eva Giorgievna’s office and slowly turning page after page, she lost all sense of time and forgot that her exemplary classmates were sitting around her, that Gulnara was looking over her shoulder with curiosity, Gulnara who, after visiting this place, couldn’t possibly return to her native village in the mountains. She had forgotten who she even was and what her name was, and that out these windows it wasn’t the Mediterranean breathing its salt and iodine, but Moscow crackling with its December frost. She suddenly felt immersed in the enigmatic landscape of his paintings. In order to understand the mystery of Dalí, Nina thought many days later, contemplating the strong impression that suddenly overtook her like a prophecy, there was a need to escape the story and see what was out there in the distance: the patterned sky, the deserted beaches of Port Lligat, and the golden-green, almost monochrome sea. To hear the silence of his paintings, to start with the smaller ones, and only after looking at them to experience the depth and riddles of the Empordà landscapes, which in the past Nina had never found the time or particular desire to look at—only then is it possible to look at the columns and figures, at the ants and empty archways, at the fish floating inside the head of García Lorca, at the marrow-colored moon, at the beach of rotting seaweed and shellfish. That evening in Eva Giorgievna’s office, Nina awoke for the first time with the dark, irrational craving for Dalí, for his phantasmagoria, images, and visions.She finally turned the last page and closed the book. She rose from her chair and walked over to a bookcase. Behind the door glass were all manner of books in Russian, English, Spanish, and French. Some of the spines were dark with gold letters, some of which were rubbed off. These must have been antiques, very expensive books. Nina carefully examined them through the glass, through her own reflection.“You can take any of them out and look at them if you want,” Eva Giorgievna said, turning to her.“Thank you,” Nina said.Something in the bookcase suddenly caught her attention: it was a thick magazine called Studium, with Figueres, 1919 printed on the spine. Nina took out the magazine and looked at the table of contents. Among the works by authors she didn’t recognize, there were articles about young Dalí and his predecessors, Goya, Dürer, and Michelangelo. Nina turned to one of them at random and ran her eyes over it. It wasn’t the right time to give it a close reading, and she put the magazine in its place regretfully.“A bibliographic rarity, only three hundred copies in print,” Eva Giorgievna explained. “I acquired it a long time ago at an auction.”There was a Dalí book in English beside it: 50 Secrets of Magic Craftsmanship. Right by the Secrets book was Diary of a Genius in Spanish. And finally from New York, published in 1940: The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí, written by himself. Nina took that book and opened it. She had heard the name somewhere, but she was sure the book wasn’t available in Russian.“That one’s just been translated,” said Eva Giorgievna, “and will soon be published in Moscow. When it comes out you should buy it right away, it’s an incredible thing.”“I didn’t know Dalí produced so much literature,” Nina admitted.“He wrote almost all his life and was an extraordinary man of letters. There’s even a novel called Hidden Faces. Dalí wrote it in America, at the home of the Marquis de Cuevas, his patron. But I’ve never been able to get this book. They say it’s weaker than Secret Life.”“Dalí didn’t just stick to painting?” Nina asked.“Dalí wasn’t just a painter—he was a creator, in the most sublime sense of the word. He sought to tear the veil of habit from objects and phenomena. Remember, Akhmadulina had that wonderful phrase: Oh vulgarity, you’re not cruelty, but only a comfort to the mind. What Dalí sought to do was break up this comfort to the mind. Perhaps he didn’t always succeed. Dalí was in great demand and liked to target his audience. He started writing earlier in his youth. About Empordà, the sea, the mountains . . . Later he kept diaries and wrote notes, articles, and even plays. Yet his really serious literary endeavors came later, after he met with Lorca in Madrid. It was Lorca who awoke the poet in Dalí.”“Yes, you told us they were friends,” Nina said.“This wasn’t just friendship. There were plenty of legends and rumors about their relationship, and some of these rumors were not without merit. But it was most importantly a breathtaking creative alliance. This was the first time Dalí had met a genius equal to himself, and he acknowledged this—even in Madrid in the Residencia, where they studied together. At first Dalí was jealous—he was spoiled and used to being at the center of public attention, and the center of attention for the Residencia community was García Lorca. But with time they developed a deep connection, both emotional and intellectual, and the memory of this stayed with both of them until the end of their lives and strongly influenced their creativity.”“What about Buñuel?”“They were friends with Buñuel, too. But Dalí didn’t have as warm a relationship with him as he did with Lorca. Not only that, but you could say that Buñuel betrayed Dalí along the way, when he removed his name from the film posters for Un Chien Andalou, which they filmed together. Dalí was vain, as you know, so that wasn’t easy for him. It’s possible that Lorca was his only true friend. Lorca himself wrote about Dalí, We are united by a common search for meaning. Indeed, this search for meaning was at the core of his creativity—otherwise it is difficult to define the essence of his work. I can assure you that in the bigger picture, that well-known anagram Avida Dollars does not directly apply to Dalí.”“Why doesn’t it apply?” Nina was surprised. “He certainly did love money.”“His attitude toward money was fairly abstract. He never understood its true value. Gala organized his financial affairs, and it must be acknowledged that she was highly successful in her effort. So that famous anagram applies most of all to Gala.” Nina could hear the girls one by one moving out into the front hall. The door to the toilet slammed, and there was the sound of water flushing in the bowl. It was already late, and everyone was in a hurry to get home.Nina moved reluctantly away from the stack of books.“Take Diary of a Genius to read if you want. I think you will find it interesting and instructive.”“I can’t,” Nina exclaimed. “This is a rare book. What if something happens to it?”“Nothing will happen to it.” Eva Giorgievna shook her head. “Take it.”That was how she first won Nina’s affection.Nina took the recommended book, wrapped it in a plastic bag, and put it in her backpack.She read Diary of a Genius in one sitting that very night when she got home. She shut herself in her room and read until morning, not yet suspecting that very soon the works of Dalí would become a constant theme in her reflections, searches, and questions, the meaning of her life, and the subject of her future dissertation, approved by Vostokova personally.That very dissertation that was now gathering dust on one of the shelves among notebooks full of abstracts and copies from priceless books that Nina studied in the sacred silence of the Barcelona archives. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina had been afraid for two years now.Fear gradually made itself the backdrop of her life, and Nina got used to it as the new normal.It established itself in Nina on one of the snowy days, and since then she was constantly aware of its presence.Its concealed roots dated back to that bygone evening at House of Dragon, when she and Ksenia—mostly Ksenia, Nina didn’t doubt—sketched out the plan to get rid of Kirill. And Ksenia’s final words, about the fact that Kirill was dangerous and that Nina was to never forget it, rang in Nina’s ears as distinctly as if she had heard them yesterday. It was her first time enjoying overindulgence and money, and she tried not to read a sinister meaning into her newly found wealth, nor to feel anything or remember anything, but gradually the prickly roots of fear began to rise through her entire body.Nina’s first panic attack took place near the municipal building in Rogozhin. That day she received one of the countless directives from Lyudmila Dmitrievna for a family’s get-acquainted session with a child. It took a long time to park when she and Vitya got to the municipal building. There was a huge black SUV with Moscow plates parked in their usual space, with tinted windows and unusual lights, the kind sometimes found on sports cars. A car was parked beside it with more easily recognizable Rogozhin plates.“This is a virus,” Vitya grumbled amiably, looking enviously at the sleek body of the SUV like a prehistoric monster in shiny armor.The Barguzin finally settled a distance away on the opposite side.At that moment her phone rang. Nina jumped in surprise. “Hello,” she said in a small voice.“Hi . . . Are you busy?”“I’m in Rogozhin.”“I’m flying out to Cairo in two days.”“Cairo? For what?”“To take some pictures.”“Good for you! Take me with you,” Nina joked bitterly.“No problem. Just say the word,” Max responded, and she couldn’t tell if he was serious or not. “Basically, I have this evening and tomorrow available. The next day I have an early morning flight.”“Oh,” Nina sighed. “Listen, I just can’t. I’m sorry. Let’s get together after you get back.”“Sure. Only I don’t know when I’ll be back. Everything’s up in the air. After Cairo it will probably be Jordan. Then Israel. I don’t really know anything for sure. Two or three weeks or even months.”“Well then, bon voyage,” Nina said, distracted.“Bye.”Nina waited while Vitya dealt with parking the van and the Spanish couple put on their jackets and buttoned up. Suddenly an alarming foreboding came alive in her soul. Where had she seen that black behemoth? Had someone told her about it? And suddenly she was blinded by a terrible thought. Of course! How did she not realize it right away? It was Kirill’s SUV. Ksenia had once let it slip that he had bought a black Hummer for a crazy amount of money and did some customizing, and that there wasn’t another car in Moscow quite like it.Nina experienced abdominal cramps at the sight of it, which eventually brought on a feeling of melancholy. What the hell brought Kirill to the municipal building in the city of Rogozhin, a situation he was kicked out of last winter, an eternity ago? Mama, Mamochka, Nina whimpered inside herself like a wounded animal.She got out of the car and took her bag. She climbed the dark stairs with some difficulty—the elevator didn’t work—and the building smelled like a crypt as she made it to the fourth floor. The lamps of daylight flashing past out the windows cut at her eyes like the broken shards of a mirror.The fourth floor was gloomy and deserted, and a rectangle of cloudy sky was visible at the far end of the corridor. There was nobody around Lyudmila Dmitrievna’s office, either. Nina knocked timidly on the door and entered slowly, expecting that instead of Lyudmila Dmitrievna it would be Kirill who stood up from the desk, and on his command some slick operatives would grab Nina by the arms and lead her down the stairs. Her heartbeat was rapid and superficial, like tachycardia. No wonder they say a person’s heart is only ever just surviving, Nina thought. Under this sort of stress, I won’t make it to old age.To her surprise, Kirill wasn’t in the office. Lyudmila Dmitrievna rose behind her cozy mountain of a desk. The directive was already signed. Nina put the piece of paper in a transparent folder, thanked her with a polite smile, and said farewell.In that final moment, it seemed like Lyudmila was also afraid of something.Nina went down the stairs, buttoned up her coat, and walked down the street. She sat down in the van, experiencing a buzzing anxiety and a chill in her heart for a little while.Stop, she ordered herself. It is urgent to make sense of this. What am I actually so afraid of? A foreign automobile? But how exactly did I decide that this automobile belonged to Kirill? A Hummer isn’t such a rarity these days. And Lyudmila Dmitrievna conversed with me the same way she always does. I’m imagining all of it.But after Vitya turned the key in the ignition and the Barguzin growled and slowly backed away, Nina could feel a pair of eyes on her. They were cold, gloomy.In no time the van was crunching over snow, and a little boy was being brought home by his Spanish parents, who had been waiting such a long time for this meeting. Nina had sent them a photo and told them about his diagnosis, and the diagnosis had not frightened them. The general excitement of the situation startled Nina’s fear, her fear retracted its icy tentacles, Nina laughed and rejoiced with everyone, and then she was, as always, murderously ashamed to take an envelope that was holding the heat of another body.And yet the ominous black Hummer had firmly lodged itself in her thoughts.One evening, when the next set of Spanish people were loaded into the van and were cooing in the back with their babe, and Vitya had just crossed through the city center to get back on the road to Moscow, Nina thought there were strange lights flashing across the road ahead.“What are those lights?” she quickly asked Vitya.“Which?”“There, you see them, right across the path.”They stopped at the traffic signal just in time, and the lights blinked suspiciously as the unknown car picked up speed.“I don’t know.” Vitya shrugged, keeping his gaze fixed forward. “They were just standard headlights. Or maybe you’re right, maybe they were strange somehow. Like that kind they sometimes attach to SUVs.”“Or to a Hummer?” Nina asked softly.“Sure, to a Hummer, too,” Vitya agreed readily.All the way back to Moscow, with the haze of a blizzard rushing at them all the way back to Moscow, Nina sat huddled on the front seat like a frightened mouse.Another time—this was also in the evening—she caught a distinct glimpse of a big black shadow tearing away from a parking lot by the court building after blinking in departure, with those same mysterious lights disappearing into the darkness.After that the fear settled in thoroughly and permanently. Quite soon she noticed many signs that a threat was closing in all around her. It’s possible all of this was only a ruse carried out by her imagination, and that nothing had actually happened. Nina would be very happy if it were all to turn out that way. And yet . . .The next grim sign she caught came at the end of winter, when the next set of future parents were going to court. That day she experienced another panic attack, though this one had nothing to do with the black Hummer.She was standing in the corridor outside the courtroom, composing herself enough to enter, when she suddenly saw an unfamiliar young man with a plastic folder in hand come out of the office on the opposite side of the corridor and five meters to the left. This was just an ordinary young man, nothing about him was remarkable, but there was something in his standard business attire that vividly resembled Kirill—his elusive gaze, his public servant’s suit. He came out of the office in the company of a pretty young secretary Nina knew well. She had conducted protocol many times for the court records Nina translated. Noticing Nina in the corridor, they both froze in indecision at the door of the room and stared at her. Nina hurried to look away, feeling that same dreary lightheadedness. She pushed open the door and walked into the courtroom, and at the last moment she thought she saw the familiar secretary give the young man an expressive glance and nod.The case was completely insignificant. Nina just happened to take interest in this stranger—in other circumstances she wouldn’t have paid any attention to him. The young man might have been at the Rogozhin regional court for any case; he didn’t necessarily have any relationship with hers. There were, after all, dozens of such cases under review on a daily basis. He could be a witness in some litigation, a lawyer, a fire inspector. He might just have been a state employee Nina had simply never met before—she couldn’t know the whole court by name, after all. He could have been a perfectly acceptable young man with a forgettable face, in an official’s gray suit, with ashen hair and quick gray eyes, just like Kirill. But somehow Nina could tell for sure he wasn’t just anyone—not an employee of the court, not a casual visitor. The young man took interest in Nina as a person, and was in some mysterious way directly connected with Kirill.This suspicion was absurd, but it was precisely inside this absurdity, in its full ridiculousness, that an even more ominous, almost mystical threat was hiding.That encounter, however, couldn’t even come near the absurdity of other minor incidents that now haunted Nina constantly, bringing her to the point of despair.Someone called on the landline and immediately hung up the phone, and after that Nina lost her appetite until the evening.“My daughter, what’s wrong?” her mother asked, worriedly scrutinizing her distressed face.Ever since that Sunday morning when Nina set a stack of euros on her desk, her mother had become concerned about her daughter and her daughter’s work. Nina was moving across the invisible line Zoya Alexievna never crossed, where there was foreign territory not subject to the controls of her familiar truths. Her mother stopped reminding Nina every day about her unfinished dissertation and her exit from the department, for which, Nina thought, she wouldn’t have forgiven her for the rest of her life under any other circumstances.“Don’t worry, they just dropped the receiver,” Zoya Alexievna said with a shrug, heating water in an electric kettle and sticking a cheese sandwich in the new microwave: both the kettle and microwave acquired by Nina, it went without saying, back at the beginning, along with a new refrigerator, vacuum cleaner, and washing machine.“Wrong number, it’s happened before. Why would you wither away over that?” she asked and set a plate down for her daughter with a still-sputtering sandwich.Nina felt vigorous the next morning when she got up, having almost forgotten about the day before, but a few days later somebody called her again, this time on her cell phone. Instead of a number on the caller ID it said “Unknown.” Nina couldn’t sleep all night.One time when she was talking on the landline, Nina heard a strange clicking in the receiver.“Hello, can you hear me? I think we got cut off,” she yelled from one end of the cable running across the improbable divide to the opposite bank of the frosty winter ocean. Dina had called from New York, but Nina couldn’t continue the conversation: she was overtaken with such dizziness and weakness that she immediately crawled under the covers and spent the rest of the day lying there, trying to distract herself with mindless reading.Since then, based on advice from Kirill long ago, Nina didn’t have any serious conversations over the phone.But nothing helped, and the ominous signs continued.One time Nina received an e-mail sent from some bizarre e-mail address. Instead of the usual letters the message consisted of a whole bunch of exclamation marks.“Spam,” her father grumbled, when she dialed his number and told him about a strange message. “Typical spam. The symbols don’t make sense. Decode it if you’re so concerned about it, and you’ll be able to read it.”Nina sat in front of the monitor all evening, but she didn’t succeed in deciphering the text.Two weeks later, after she got back home from the notary, Nina opened the mailbox and pulled out an envelope. She looked at the postmark: it was sent from Moscow. Who’s this from, I wonder? Her name and address were written on the envelope, but there was no return address.She opened the apartment door, ran into her room without taking off her coat and boots, darted for the table, grabbed the scissors, and cut the edge of the envelope, careful not to damage its mysterious contents. She hurriedly shoved in her fingers, then turned the envelope over and tried to shake it out onto the table. Finally, she put her hands on her knees and stared out the window, feeling the familiar and already sickening feeling of despair beginning already.The envelope was empty.Kirill is absolutely not a villain, Nina thought. That’s why it doesn’t work for me to hate him. Justice is on his side, if you unpack the idea. And that means good will prevail, and evil will be punished.That night, Nina dreamed she saw a big black bird sitting on top of her wardrobe. The bird was huge and strong. It sat motionless, with ruffled feathers and folded wings, like an ordinary raven sitting on a branch in winter. Nina could clearly distinguish a small predatory head and a sharp beak against the background of bright wallpaper. Her fear swelled in the dream state; it grew huge and was barely moving, only now it wasn’t connected with the mysterious danger, but with the black bird on the wardrobe.“How did you get in here?” Nina asked almost inaudibly, propped up on her elbows.In the dead silence of the room, her voice sounded muffled and almost like that of a stranger.But the bird didn’t answer, watching Nina from the wardrobe with its empty black eyes. Nina lowered her head back down to the pillow, got under the covers, staring up at the sight she could see was enchanted, because it wasn’t possible that this bird didn’t see her, and it was actually scarier if it didn’t see her, knowing that she was sitting right there in the same room with it. She suddenly realized: there was still a thick clump of darkness perched on the wardrobe, but the bird had moved to the bed at the same time and now sat less than a meter away from Nina. It craned its neck, spread its wings, and cried out in a hoarse, humanlike voice.“Aaaaah,” Nina yelled in response and woke up.It felt like the air was still shaking with her own scream.There was nothing on top of the wardrobe.I’m losing my mind, Nina thought the next day, wandering back and forth around the apartment, unable to bear the tense anxiety. She tried to escape it somehow—she went in the bathroom and took a shower, alternating the water between hot and cold like her mother always recommended, rubbing herself red with a Turkish towel. Then she threw on a robe, poured herself a glass of beer, and sat in the kitchen watching television. I really am losing my mind. Max was right. The beer tasted bitter, and Nina put the glass in the sink. Salvador Dalí was a normal person. Anything they might say about him is jealous and ignorant, he was a completely normal person. A genius. But I—I am losing my mind, and I will soon be legitimately crazy. A witless, untidy broad afraid of her own shadow.At some point she calmed down, distracting herself with the translation of documents and then a book, and came to the conclusion that it was all the result of her own burned-out nerves. I need to rest, Nina thought, and called Ksenia. At times like these they would go out together to some restaurant, Spanish, Italian, or Chinese, Ksenia always paying, or walk around the shops, where Nina bought herself a whole bunch of colorful and lightweight scraps of fabric, charming and completely unnecessary, new jeans, or one more expensive handbag. Her mood would improve, and by evening she would return home feeling successful, relaxed, and happy.But something happened again after a few days, and it was unusual, unexplainable, and frightening, either that or she was once again imagining signs and omens in places where other people wouldn’t notice anything.She nearly fainted one time when she was attentively scrutinizing a plaster statue that had long since become familiar. It was a very masculine figure of Themis that stood there in the entrance of the Rogozhin court. A sculpted sheet barely covered her bulging form, a narrow strip of cloth was tied around her eyes, and her smile was mysterious and sinister. Themis was holding scales in her hands, frozen in precarious balance, and there was an inscription carved into the plaster on the left-hand side: Dura lex, sed lex. “In Russian, dura means ‘idiot,’” Nina said aloud, going up the stairs and trying not to look into the face of Themis. “Dura lex. ‘The law is harsh.’ There will come a day when she will catch up with and chasten the guilty.”Nina had reason to be afraid of Themis, the balance of her own weights frozen so precariously. As often happens with the authors and performers of ambitious enterprises, Nina and Ksenia had committed many small errors that only the two of them knew about.For example, it was well known to Nina that Ksenia had independently fabricated permits from the ministry of education. These permits were pure formality, but were considered extremely important documents, without which foreigners couldn’t become legal parents to their children. They were sometimes lost at the last minute somewhere in the office of an official or delayed inexplicably in Moscow and didn’t show up by the assigned court date. In these cases, Ksenia appealed for help to her friend’s ex-husband, who produced masterpieces in Photoshop and then printed them out on a color printer. Any seal, stamp, signature, or document could be ready by the next day, and nothing appeared amiss with the filing of the court papers.It just so happened that Nina was also devious: there were several times when she ended up having to sign papers for the Spanish people, unstitch and restitch already-notarized documents in which there was obsolete data, or correct verbal translations.It was Ksenia who invented the expression “adjusting the translation.” It emerged gradually in their procedures, not all at once. Nina first heard it five minutes before the start of one of their numerous court appearances, which had by that time merged in her memory into one continuous gray tedium.Nina was waiting at the courtroom door when Ksenia came up to her.“The translation needs to be adjusted,” she declared in a businesslike manner.“How’s that?” Nina didn’t understand.“Here’s the thing,” Ksenia said. “You understand, the little boy Dimochka was diagnosed with mental retardation at his physical examination. So with this diagnosis, please don’t translate it for the court.”“What do you mean, ‘don’t translate’? The judge will say something, but I have to remain silent?”“Why remain silent? Silence isn’t necessary. Instead of psychological just write physical in Spanish. Nobody will pay attention to it. Do you have a problem with this? What really is the difference?”“What do you mean, what’s the difference?” Nina was confused. “The child has a problem. How can we not say something about it? They would be unlikely to adopt him if they found out about such a diagnosis.”“Wait, don’t lose your cool over this,” Ksenia interrupted her. “First of all, it’s only a few minutes until court starts, and we don’t have anybody here who can explain anything. And if you say that right away, without any advance preparation, they may begin to doubt the whole thing, and we’ll have to cancel the court appearance. Do you want the court appearance to be canceled?”“No, I don’t want that,” Nina said honestly. “But to translate it the way you’re telling me . . . I just don’t know if I can.”“If you don’t want us all to have headaches, you’ll do it,” Ksenia said firmly. “The court appearance can’t be canceled, you’re absolutely right. This will make things worse for everybody—you, me, the Spaniards, the baby. Innocent people will be hurt by your foolish obstinacy. Wait, I’m not done talking,” she added in a gentler tone, having felt Nina’s protest coming. “You see, the director of the regional medical commission had a falling-out with Ada. He’s in a snit at her about something. I think she botched his commission on a baby. And that baby was perfectly normal. When he grows up he’ll be no worse than you and me.”“Are you sure this is all okay?” Nina asked.“Just telling you. So don’t be hesitant—translate boldly, like I said.”Nina wanted to say something else, but the courtroom door opened, and they were invited to enter.The court appearance was excellent. Nina did everything the way Ksenia had instructed her.The director of the regional medical commission, it would appear, was angry in earnest at Ada Mitrofanovna, and the number of cases in which the translation needed to be adjusted increased. Ksenia was right, it was a minor adjustment: Nina simply didn’t translate phrases such as “possible delay in mental development,” “alcoholism,” and “maternal mental retardation.” Smoothing out translations of oral texts became for her quite familiar and acceptable, and she stopped worrying about it, as completely as she did about the money, which floated across her hands in little packets.“A pea moth,” Nina said. She liked the brisk, energetic sound of the words. Ksenia was a pea moth. In order to protect their apple trees from pea moths, assiduous orchard owners put special plastic bags on all their apples. Every one! I can just imagine what it looks like, those apple trees with hundreds of little bags on the branches: a monument to diligence. So Kirill indifferently exposed all his apples to this voracious element. He’s to blame himself, honestly. After all, he knows who he’s dealing with!But I have her on a hook, too, Nina once thought rashly when she was offended at Ksenia over some little thing. If need be, I’ll tell everything to whoever needs to hear it—about the translations, about the money, about the forged documents. Hang on a minute. And then she interrupted herself. Who adjusted the translations? Who hushed the diagnoses? Who took the money? Ksenia isn’t responsible for any of it, which means my name is everywhere. Everything has my signature on it. And as for that ministerial permit she forged, she couldn’t even find it now and didn’t remember which children were being adopted. And of course the judge won’t want to rock the boat—the adoption would become invalid. I wouldn’t be able to prove anything, even if I wanted to. All the arrows will point at me.Nina had committed other offenses that were far more serious, and Ksenia knew about these as well. It happened sometimes that Spanish families would come and have a get-acquainted session with a child, and then return to Spain without having either signed an adoption agreement or rejected the child. There were several reasons for this. The parents, for example, got to see the baby too late, not in the morning on the designated day but in the evening or the next day, and then they simply didn’t have time to get to a notary. Or they did have enough time, but they didn’t feel any urgency about signing the agreement because they didn’t know for sure if they could adopt the proposed baby with a dubious diagnosis, or whether it would be better just to reject the offer. This happened less often. They would beg Nina to wait—just a little while, just a couple of weeks. They would go back to Spain, consult with doctors, and then get the agreement signed by a Spanish notary and send it immediately by priority mail to Nina. Of course Nina agreed. She didn’t feel like she had the right to protest and insist in such a complicated situation.“No, you need to get it,” Ksenia said once, pressing her. “The agreement needs to be on Lyudmila Dmitrievna’s desk next week. What if the baby gets passed on to someone else?”“What’s wrong with you, Ksenia?” Nina calmly objected, trying to reason with her. “They’re not going to take the baby away and give it to someone else. We just need to wait for the Spanish parents to respond, and everything will be fine.”“It’s clear to me”—Ksenia’s tone was icy—“you just don’t want to do the work with the clients. You know how important it is to be strict with them!”“Why don’t you be the one to make it happen?” Nina couldn’t stand it. “How about I bring them by your place right now, and you can explain everything, and I’ll translate. You can make them sign the agreement immediately.”“To hell with that.” Ksenia started to lose her cool. “Don’t bring Spaniards to me. Deal with them yourself, that’s your job. At the end of the day, that’s what you get paid for.”Nina understood what Ksenia was getting at: if she wanted to, she could swap Nina out for another partner, organize a new connection between herself and Lucia, who supplied the Spanish parents. Nina had a hard time believing Ksenia would go to all that trouble, though. They were already so well established together, and Nina thought it likely that another translator would be less interested in money, less likely to agree to do things like this. Not only that, but Nina was in the loop on the ugly history with Kirill and a few of Ksenia’s other murky dealings. Plus, Nina knew everyone in the entire Rogozhin province by sight and name, all the officials, educators, directors, and representatives of guardianship. How much time would it take for a new person to become accustomed to all these fearful functionaries? And yet in recent months, Ksenia had changed so much that she might just make a nonsensical move.“The agreement must be submitted to the department, and that’s that,” Ksenia declared with a metallic voice. “Get yourself out of this mess however you want.”“What if they change their minds later?”“Unlikely. And if they change their minds, we just forget about this piece of paper, that’s all. You have to realize that nobody will force them to adopt. The agreement is a mere formality. It’s only necessary so that you and I can avoid problems, and the child can go to the family as quickly as possible.”Somehow or other, she extracted the agreement from that Spanish couple in a timely fashion, which was somehow more difficult than getting the advance payment from them. There were cases where Nina took that last desperate step: she went to Ksenia’s friend who would, for a small fee, scan the notary seals and then, with the help of a color printer, apply them to Nina’s prepared document. It wasn’t difficult to forge signatures for Spanish people.“I’m scared all the time. What if someone finds out about this?” Nina complained to Ksenia.“Nobody will know. Or anybody who knows will keep quiet. Nothing will happen to you over this, don’t be scared. Nobody in Rogozhin will have your ass for this. It’s advantageous for everyone that things remain just as they are, and even more so that they look proper. Above all else this is necessary for the children, don’t forget.”Nina didn’t forget. She always tried to remember that she and Ksenia were doing good deeds. She tried not to think about the negatives, forcing the unpleasant thoughts into the depths, so that they were securely overlapped by other, more pleasant ideas—about money, about their successfully completed cases, about the children they had succeeded in placing. And placing children was wonderful—Nina saw them later in the photos former clients sent to her and Ksenia. She learned very well how to govern her thoughts, filtering out the bad and leaving only the good.But as time went on, the anxiety slowly but surely caught up with her.The next shock awaited Nina at the Rogozhin court.The short winter day was over, the windows had darkened, and huge snowflakes were falling quickly from the sky like white leaves.That day she lingered a little longer than usual, standing in the hallway of the second floor and waiting for the secretary. The proceedings for civil cases were usually conducted on the third floor. The second floor was for criminal cases, and Nina rarely went down there. Each time she did, she looked with curiosity at the members of the public waiting in line outside the countless office doors. The Roma tended to appear in court as an entire encampment, filling all the free space—sitting on all the dingy chairs and benches, leaning against the dirty walls. The young Roma nibbled on sunflower seeds and spat the slobbery husks into their fists, glancing around with their dull black eyes. Nina looked all around her at the people giving testimony, the suspects, the figures with criminal faces, frightened young children, disheveled young women dressed in the fashion of market vendors, impoverished citizens with weepy faces. This entire motley crowd smelled of perfume, sweat, unwashed and unhealthy bodies, mothballs, and wet wool.Nina waited for the secretary, gave her the necessary piece of paper, and then went to the toilet before leaving the building. The toilets on the second floor differed from the clean and spacious toilets on the third, where they considered civil and administrative cases, and the visiting members of the public were more genteel. There wasn’t a proper toilet on the second floor; instead it had a sort of toilet bowl on the floor, the old-fashioned setup with elevated platforms on which you put your feet when you squat to do your business, which puts you in a position so high you can see the focused face of the attendant over the unusually short locked door. Nina came out of the stall, rinsed her hands, and went out in the corridor, but was almost forcibly pushed back, confused and frightened, by a crowd of women. Before her view was obscured, she caught sight of an unforgettable scene: the corridor was now empty, all the other visitors having been driven back to various spaces they didn’t expect to be—toilets, offices, the stairs leading up—while armed guards led a handcuffed young woman through. She was about Nina’s age or maybe a little older. The woman walked slowly, staring sullenly at the floor, the armed guards in front of her, behind her, and on both sides of her. Vitya later told her that while he was waiting for her downstairs in the Barguzin, he saw how they offloaded the woman from prison transport, with an entire truckful of police cordoning off the whole square and all the courthouse entrances. Vitya was also made to drive off a little ways and park on the side of the road.“Slut, murderer,” hissed a plump lady in a soiled down jacket that looked like the kind market vendors wore. This lady was pushed into the toilet with all the others, despite her noisy protests.“That’s not a simple murderer,” responded another woman wisely, pulling up her stockings. “If she was just a murderer they wouldn’t have us holed up in the toilet. That one’s a gangster. Or a racketeer. She stole something huge, and in addition to that also offed somebody.”When the woman in handcuffs was taken away and her escort had disappeared behind her, they were instructed to come back out. The ladies were elbowing each other, pushing their way out. Left alone in the bathroom, Nina rinsed her hands again for some reason. The mirror over the washstand reflected her pale face, and it struck her that her features were the same as those of the dejected mafia prisoner the prison transport had led down the hall moments ago.Nina was silent for the entire trip back to Moscow, thinking the whole way about the woman in handcuffs.What if I have to go to prison, too? she ruminated. What will happen then?Nina’s heart grew cold with these thoughts, and she tried to distract herself from them. But then in a couple of weeks, Nina once again found herself in the Rogozhin court, and instead of the usual hall with the big windows and the life-affirming Russian Federation flag hanging over the judge’s head, Nina and the Spanish couple were brought to a small room with an iron cage in the corner, where the dangerous criminals were held during their cases. Nina stammered, forgetting words in Spanish and not even remembering her clients’ names, and then when they got back outside, she stumbled and fell painfully from a too-high last step on the marble staircase, directly at the feet of the smiling and indifferent Themis. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina lived by a unique calendar, measuring time in Spanish families.Another week, another family. Every one exactly the same as the one before it. Some having the same names, some with similar faces. All the weeks were the same as well.“Do you remember Mariluz?” Someone reached out to Nina in the twilight of the van’s interior. The headlights of oncoming cars glided across the face and depicted patterns on it, as if this passenger behind her suffered from some exotic skin disease. “Mariluz told me to tell you hello.”Nina smiled and nodded in response, but in fact she couldn’t think of who it was this person was talking about. After this many months, the ones named Mariluz who passed through her life numbered at least a dozen, each one marking a new season.Mariluz in the first days of autumn had red hair, a white blouse, and a tan.In winter she had blue eyes, not like the blue eyes in Russia, but a brighter blue.“I bought a fur coat especially for this trip,” chuckled the winter Mariluz. She had a taste for Russian beer and had already tossed back a whole bottle, which was unusual—Spanish women usually didn’t drink so much. “Especially for Russia. I thought you had frost and snow, but it turns out you have sleet and rain.”“Today sleet and rain,” Nina responded in a jovial tone. She, too, had drunk beer, also a bottle of it, and in addition to that, this Mariluz had an infectious laugh. “Tomorrow frost and snow.”Mariluz of the spring had softly curved black eyebrows. That spring she traveled from Moscow to Rogozhin in shoes without socks. In flip-flops, in fact. She got out of the car and lowered her nearly bare foot into the melting snow. This worried Nina for a moment: Who is she, this swarthy, barefoot woman? A refugee? A Gypsy? A crazy person? Maybe I wasn’t told a war was going on, and now the poor Spanish people have nowhere to get boots?But to the nameless blur deep in the darkness of the Barguzin, she responded just in case: “Mariluz? Of course, I remember her!” Sometimes the gift helped. If she started ruminating over the gifts, a memory popped up complete with the donor’s name, surname, and even their adopted child, just like that.The magenta beads hanging on the rack in the entryway had the look of a New Year’s garland—those were given to her by a fun family that owned a restaurant in Malaga, but Nina couldn’t remember their names. It seemed like the woman in that family was a Mariluz. It was strange—they owned an entire restaurant, so what were they thinking bringing these cheap plastic beads? Or do they think we’re like Indians, that we wear such garish trinkets around our necks? But Nina wasn’t miffed about it. It didn’t matter to her—she still admired the soft, fluffy winter, melted with emotion over the actions of the judge, the prosecutor, and the angry older lady from guardianship with her plump, swine-like legs, which she went about on with such dignity on the gray linoleum of the court corridor. Nina was pleased that the court appearance flew by so quickly, and while Ksenia made the rounds of all the officials, Nina, Mariluz, and her husband, whose name she could never remember, dove right into dinner, drank cappuccino with cinnamon, ordered an inedible pizza with sour tomato sauce and chemically pink balls of sausage, which Mariluz and her husband, owners of a restaurant in Malaga, polished off all at once. She was even delighted with the magenta plastic beads that day—they looked good against the enormous bluish plain sailing by outside the window of the van.There was also the little scarf Nina sewed into a pillow for the sofa. It had been given to her by a single mother, a prosecuting attorney from Pamplona. It was impossible to believe that this dull, humorless would-be Englishwoman was actually from Spain, from Granada even. Brittle brown hair, a thin, bloodless mouth. White eyebrows, severe gray eyes. What the hell, when will Russians let go of the idea that all Spanish people are swarthy types, like from the opera Carmen?Then there was the upbeat pale green T-shirt with sequins and the word Gucci printed on it: exactly the kind Nina had seen in the past at the Rogozhin market. Why, she’s just a down-home market girl! How much did that cost? A hundred rubles? A hundred fifty? You just have to see the label: it was made in China, in all honesty. And it was in some paper packaging that could have possibly been mistaken for authentic Gucci: the font was a perfect clone, and it was effectively circulating among the light green T-shirts across the world. Nina unfolded the rustling paper, took out the T-shirt, and gasped in glee: nobody had ever given her anything like this. Imagine if she wore this shirt to go visit somebody? Or to a faculty meeting? Or Vostokova? Or just walked along Tverskaya Street in it? She looked over the weightless rag, barely able to restrain her laughter.Then it dawned on her that it was that same Mariluz who gave her the green T-shirt that was now sending a hello—the Mariluz of late summer.Nina remembered everything. It was August—as thick and yellow as eggnog. Peat was burning somewhere in the forest outside Rogozhin. It smelled of smoke outside, and this scent made the heart anxious, like during wartime.The soft autumn sun was shining in her eyes, but Nina liked it: there was just a little of it left, and then there wouldn’t be any more at all. The first yellow leaf looked like a coin on the windshield.“We want a baby by Christmas,” the summer T-shirt Mariluz had said in a whimsical voice. That was the Mariluz of the arid August, who had later thought to send a hello through the passenger with the skin condition arising from the headlights of oncoming traffic. “A little blond-haired girl. No, no, not a dark-haired girl like you have there in the photographs. We don’t need one of those. We need a little blondie. And definitely by Christmas.”“By Christmas? A blond girl?” Nina repeated it thoughtfully, examining with intent focus the Andalusian sitting beside her—this Mariluz was a dyed blonde with agate hints in her matte-black eyes, and Juan, her husband, was a good-natured, phlegmatic man with brown hair.She put the picture of the cute little dark-haired girl Ada was offering this family back in her backpack. This dark-haired girl was the incredibly generous reward Ksenia received that autumn for placing a couple of children with complex diagnoses that were not very treatable.In the Rogozhin adoption market, such children are called “illiquid.” Compassionate Spanish people were willing to take the illiquids, refusing very few, and while Nina received the photo reports to translate after a few months for the fair-complected toddlers splashing in pools, it was impossible to learn the fates of yesterday’s illiquids.For a couple of illiquids, market law required bonuses of good, healthy little ones. Like the dark-complected girl in the photo.“That’s too bad. But tell me, why?” Nina said. Suddenly she couldn’t endure it, risking the disruption in her established position of complete noninterference in the decisions of the customers. “Why would you want a fair child? Look at you: you are both from the south, and you have dark hair.”The lady nervously unwound one of her dyed curls. Her fingernails had a fiery red manicure. White sandals with heels. A formfitting summer dress. Spanish women didn’t normally dress like this.Her husband interceded for her:“Mariluz has had her mind made up from the beginning that her little daughter needed to be a blonde like herself.” The good-natured goof shrugged helplessly, looking obediently at his other half.Nina was surprised: the guy had such a simple face, such a Russian face. He could have easily been a vendor at the market with those Chinese Gucci T-shirts or a security guard with a military past, or he could be a successful businessman. Do you see now? They all look identical. Juan’s hair was just a little blacker, and the softness in his face, and his courteous manners, and the smooth round motions of his strong, muscular, southern arms.Mariluz in her dress resembled a Ukrainian woman—a glorious, kindhearted rural gal from somewhere near Kharkov. Such women, in Nina’s opinion, often married military. Where did she get this look? From a movie? Maybe Juan himself was in fact military? Nina thought back over their dossier: not a word about it. What if this Juan is a spy—a Russian spy! That’s why she had that look, that wife of his in a collective farmer dress, a sort of dress Nina had never seen on a foreigner. It was typically Russian, a very Moscow-designed dress. Lord, what absurdity. That’s why she had such a look about her.They rejected the perfectly healthy little six-month-old girl. They adopted a boy instead—older, four years. The mother was from an oligarch family; no one even thought to cover up the fact. The boy was head to toe light-complected, like Marliuz’s peroxide-singed hair.Fish Speak Spanish Silently—new book, old bookmark.The slogan of the Cervantes Institute.Time flies fast.It was rarely necessary to carry suitcases, but it was occasionally. And sometimes you simply could not, for example, if you showed up in the autumn rain with an older Spanish woman who had three large suitcases.A random taxi driver had picked them up from Sheremetyevo Airport and had already left. His attitude was Do as you wish, and sort it out yourselves.There was a pattern of slanted rain between Nina and the Spanish lady, as if it wanted to strike through her. Nina closed her eyes, then a second later opened them—and she was already gone!But she was still there.There were two people standing there next to each other—this was a whole lifestyle of one for two, even if only very briefly. And here Nina was with one of many Claudias, just standing there on the sidewalk and looking at each other. There are certain assumptions in such a situation: you grab a suitcase and drag it along behind you. The main thing you had to worry about was not breaking the wheels. This one was good—it was solid.The client sighed sadly—she couldn’t cope with the remaining two suitcases, but there was only herself to blame, dragging such monsters with her from Barcelona, and Nina didn’t do anything about it. She had crammed so many things with her, a collection of all that there was: she brought things for winter, summer, autumn, and spring, plus cosmetics and jewelry.Foreigners—there was no way to judge how things would go with them. For example, a woman with such excess luggage might, on closer inspection, turn out to be no trouble at all, and she was from Granada, where Federico García Lorca lived and died. Nina almost shed a few tears when she heard that. And the Spanish woman was also very touched that in Russia people have such a lively reaction to the word Granada. Right away the first ones she met knew all about this Spanish city in the mountains.But foreigners also needed to understand about the suitcases. What do they need with so many, why be so strange about it? Apparently, when you’re shipping out for a foreign country to adopt a baby, you also don’t know in advance whether you’ll miss some comfort far away from all your familiar items—so just in case you drag along more than is necessary.After settling Claudia into the hotel, Nina didn’t rush off to the metro—she felt like going for a walk. Claudia had asked her to host a solo excursion, but Nina refused. She said she had a lot to do. She wanted today free if she was going to be in charge of this Claudia tomorrow. She walked from Polyanka to the Kremlin, crossing the bridge at her leisure, which was empty on a Sunday morning. And then, how about that, it started raining. The view from these bridges, solitude in the heart of Moscow, would have become a soaked jacket and an unfortunate fifty-euro personal excursion—a little impromptu performance, in which a native guide puts on an act for the financially solvent foreigner. She would have to perform tomorrow, but today it was quiet, sleepy Moscow, which shyly revealed itself out of the blue to late sleepers. The lead-colored river with its pleasure boat, which looked like a white iron on gray satin. Who knew where those passengers were coming from at that time, the dim paths of the Alexander Garden, and in between a piece of Margherita pizza in the Sbarro at Okhotny Ryad, and some simple salad. And then to Revolution Square, Tverskaya Street, or if you turned left there was Kuznetsky Bridge, too, which was almost empty. Because it was Sunday, because it was autumn, because it was raining.The Spanish couples were all alike, and not just in names and surnames. They all had the same facial expressions—when they listened, when they laughed. Their polite smiles were a sign of a good upbringing. They scrunched up their lower lips when they were surprised or sympathetic. They weren’t necessarily sympathetic or surprised at all, but all the same: the scrunched-up lip indicated bewilderment. They always politely inquired how Nina was feeling. Are you not tired? Are you not frozen? Nina pitied them. She guessed this was all about Russia. They were even afraid of all the distance—thousands and thousands of kilometers of impassable winter. Snow and more snow. And the high, frosty clouds in the sky. They were scared of Russia—that was quite obvious.Nina came to the conclusion that the men were more lovely than their wives. Or did it only seem that way? She always stayed with them on the last day when they had to go to the consulate, where the orphans being adopted applied for their visas, and the babies got to sleep in the hotel with their new mothers—it was on this last day that the men transformed. They thawed like winter flowers. They even hit on Nina. Because they didn’t get to mix with women like her in Barcelona or Madrid. Because it was their last breath of freedom, their swan song.Nina heard about novels in which Russian translators got with foreigners, but she didn’t understand such novels. That polite smile, that fear in the corners of their eyes. Pocket-sized Europe, which could fit in the palm of your hand, was the place they came from to get here. Would it be possible to fall in love with a man who was so unsure of himself? What was that fear hidden behind the polite smile and superficial chitchat?When she was with foreigners, Nina sometimes experienced something like an attack of national pride or territorial excellence. Such attacks occurred unexpectedly, taking her by surprise. It was an animal instinct Nina never admitted to anyone, not herself or anyone else: You have tiny little Europe, and here I have thousands of kilometers of deserted land.Even with the university, her dissertation on Dalí, and her childhood in central Moscow, Nina grew up with her mother’s stories about the Far North. Kolyma, the Yana River, and the violet-colored mountains that Nina saw in photographs were always a quiet presence in her life. Her mother used to disappear for a long time every summer, then seemed different to Nina when she returned. And Nina also changed, because behind the well-equipped life full of tasty food, comfortable things, and the freedom of movement via public transportation, there was something else entirely. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina was content with much of the time she spent with Ksenia. Only the presence of Ksenia could dispel the menacing premonitions of trouble that haunted Nina persistently, day and night. Ksenia remained so independent, confident, and imperturbable that just looking at her settled Nina down. One time she calmly told the story of how Kirill showed up in an indescribable rage when he learned of her breach of faith. She had heard this from Alevtina, one of the Rogozhin mediators, who Kirill kept calling in his desperation to air his grievances.“You’re not scared?” Nina asked.“What’s there to be scared of? What’s he going to do to me? By the way, he, too, had his snout in the feathers, so he won’t go looking for trouble. Kirill’s a coward.”Nina was silent. Is Ksenia really this shortsighted? she wondered. What does that mean, that he’s a coward? Even the lowliest coward tries to get revenge if someone dares trespass in his backyard and sets up shop there. And this isn’t some outsider—it’s Ksenia, his confidant, the girlfriend of his youth, who he let in the garden himself, and then she kicked him out, like a fox kicking a hare out of a cardboard shack.But Ksenia’s tranquility inspired optimism in Nina. More time passed, each month changing to the next, carrying them further away from that evening at the Chinese restaurant, and Kirill hadn’t shown up yet. Ksenia really does know him well, Nina told herself. Apparently he isn’t worried about keeping her on a leash. Or maybe he just went ahead and let her have it—in fact, Rogozhin isn’t the only region he controls, there are others.Yet this state of calm occurred only during the times when Ksenia was nearby. If they didn’t see each other for several days, anxiety once again bore down heavily on Nina, depriving her of appetite and sleep.But they saw each other often.They were united by what are known as “common interests.” In other words, Ksenia was the only human being who took part in every element of Nina’s new pursuit, and eventually all of her business. Nina tried to hide the specifics of their business venture from old friends, even from Max and her mother. Admittedly, nobody showed any particular interest in it: her mother was dumbfounded by the amount of money issued for household expenses but no questions were asked. Her old university friends had all moved away, or the friendships had fizzled out, and as far as the department was concerned after Nina left, past conversations had been forgotten. She was always rushing off somewhere and almost never read books anymore. And she hadn’t yet made any new friends. Not only that, but she simply had no time to communicate with anyone besides Ksenia. Even Max she only saw rarely.And oh, how Nina bared her soul to Ksenia! They drank imported Spanish Rioja in the hotel room or Ksenia’s place, or sat in a Moscow restaurant and talked, talked without stopping—about Spaniards and officials, about Rogozhin and about the money, the incredible money that marched into their lives as though of its own volition, imposing its own laws and presenting new sensations. Nina had for some time felt an almost physical sensation that came with having money, that she had a powerful energy and could direct it wherever she pleased, while others didn’t have such power.In fact, Nina realized quite quickly that she and Ksenia weren’t alone in this turbulent world: there were others who were like-minded. Before long Nina would see the other like-minded ones, Ksenia’s colleagues.Once Ksenia brought her along to a meeting of independent intermediaries who all lived in Moscow and adoption specialists like Ksenia who were set up in Rogozhin. These meetings were held regularly at one of several Moscow restaurants. The fact that Ksenia started inviting her there was extremely important for her career in general. She had been accepted into a closed circle, and that meant her opinions were worth something, that they had decided to pay attention to her. It would appear that with their streetwise business sense they saw Ksenia as a serious competitor, who it was important to take under their control for the good of all.Nina spent almost two hours getting ready to go to the restaurant: painting her nails, making up her eyes and eyelashes, trying on a whole mountain of things one after another—skirts, pants, jackets. Her beloved street fashion wasn’t suitable for such an occasion, and it wasn’t all that easy for Nina to dress differently. There wasn’t a large mirror in her room, so after she slipped on each outfit she would run across the apartment to the mirror in the entryway. Nina knew how they should see her: Ksenia wanted her to have a modest appearance, for her to be seen in that society as an appealing cultural companion.“You’ve got looks like a model, Nin,” Ksenia said, when Nina once again doubted whether it was proper to wear tight leggings or a short skirt that showed a lot of bare skin, which she had been too embarrassed to do since childhood, or an overly bright sweater with a low neckline. “You can wear anything, don’t even hesitate!”Nina was especially timid about cosmetics. When she was a child her mother always told her that makeup makes a woman vulgar, that beauty can only be natural, and that real men notice modest women without makeup first. Mascara and eye shadow—or so it seemed to Nina—emphasized the pallor of her skin, made her look older, and the first lipstick she ever bought in her life was shielded by the excuse of getting her diploma; she never even used it again after that. Eventually that lipstick developed the smell of rancid candle wax and had to be thrown away.On the eve of the meeting, Nina went out and bought a new one.She settled on a pair of no-nonsense black slacks, which she used to wear when she was administering exams to students, a gray turtleneck, a thin suede jacket, and a colorful scarf, brought back from France last year by Zoya Alexievna, who had been at an academic conference.Six people, including Nina and Ksenia, gathered that evening in the small, cozy restaurant. They took their seats around two low tables pushed together with candles burning on them. Tea, coffee, shortbread cookies with dried apricots, éclairs with homemade custard, and slices of cherry strudel in a white milk sauce were all served.Nina ordered pistachio ice cream and hot chocolate.She had seen all the people at this gathering at least one time before—at the Rogozhin district court or at the education department. For example, that one unpleasant French couple Nina had met a million years ago at the children’s home had belonged to Alevtina, that portly lady with the dignity of a steamroller. Ksenia told Nina that Alevtina used to be head teacher at an elite specialized school, and then when times changed, she made an abrupt career change as a businesswoman in adoptions, and since then had bought at least two apartments, one in the Moscow city center, the other somewhere in a new neighborhood. A boxy, mafia-looking SUV waited for Alevtina beside the restaurant, where her driver listened to street music on the radio and read the newspaper.Opposite Alevtina sat a middle-aged man of medium height with a perfectly smooth, spherical head; a fat, round face; and small, oddly motionless eyes. This was Roman, an inconspicuous mediator at Ksenia’s level, who for inexplicable reasons was also well accepted. Sometimes, Ksenia told her, it was a challenge to understand the logic of the fellowship, but there was certainly a logic to it.Seated across from Nina was a pretty woman who was quite the contrast: agile, charming, and elegant. This woman’s name was Tamara. She had been working for a long time and had earned her authority in adoption circles. Nina had also seen Tamara in Rogozhin before. One time in the spring, they sat side by side on a bench in a square near the court. To Nina’s surprise, Tamara was holding a bouquet of mimosas, just like Bulgakov’s Margarita, and she spoke first, even though Nina was just a translator and chatting with her was not required by protocol. Tamara had a melodious voice; when she spoke it was lazy and languid, and she grimaced, as if she was going to suddenly get up and head off not to the officials’ offices with paperwork, but to her private quarters, where a lovely guest awaited her, and the chambermaid had brunch laid out already.Tamara was decked out from head to toe in pearly beige tones: an English beige checkered pantsuit, a pearl-gray blouse, a string of large pearls around her neck, and silver patent-leather high heels.“I, Ninochka,” she chirped after their meeting, “am a teacher as well. Just imagine. Yes, yes, Ksenia told me this, that you teach! So then, I’m at the finance academy. Just imagine my life: like a mouse on a wheel all day, on and on, on and on! But the whole time all I do is think about all of our foreigners, about the children! All my thoughts are only about them. Ha-ha!”Tamara made a very good impression on Nina even right there on the bench with the flowers. She looked at her little round watch, at her whimsical rings and tiny earrings, listened to her melodious voice that made her smile in spite of herself. Tamara’s face was lovely, well-groomed: smooth skin with skillfully applied makeup in delicate pastel colors. It was difficult to imagine that Tamara was really, all day, in her words, “on and on, on and on.” You wouldn’t guess from her appearance that she was an instructor at the finance academy, certainly not an adoption mediator. Instead you’d peg her for a model, designer, or socialite.Next to Tamara sat Regina Sergeevna, a dyed blonde with a deep, husky voice. Unlike other members of the fellowship, Regina struck Nina as provincial, and not only that, Nina had the feeling she was prone to overdoing it with the alcohol: during the course of their conversation she ordered no fewer than three glasses of cognac.However, as Ksenia would later explain, Regina was the decision maker.Despite a well-established and chronic alcohol craving, Regina was the most honorable member of the Rogozhin fellowship of independent intermediaries. Not a single meeting could occur without her; serious discussions began only after Regina’s jet-black SUV rolled heavily up onto the sidewalk, and her driver threw open the door and helped her out with his gallantly supportive arm. Regina had a huge, aristocratic silver fox fur coat, and the backseat of her car had a small bar with open bottles of cognac, brandy, and whiskey, and while she was driving around on all her business, Regina Sergeevna would continually take alternating sips from each bottle.Nobody in the fellowship of adoption intermediaries could compete with Regina when it came to useful contacts and help with how to do things. Regina was her own type of genius—she possessed the rare gift of finding and keeping helpful people around her. Unattractive, humbly dressed female friends; stingy, excessively businesslike lovers; utterly unremarkable casual acquaintances she could ensnare anywhere she desired—at a party, in the dentist’s waiting room, on an airplane, on the train. She had an incredibly sharp sixth sense, and she unerringly guessed the right people to surround herself with—influential officers, Realtors, travel-agency owners.Regina waited patiently, year after year, for one of her clumsy and often repulsive-looking larvae to pupate and turn into a brightly colored butterfly or worker bee, flying on weightless wings to find the most inaccessible colorful flowers. Regina spared no effort or expense in grooming her larvae, so that over time the useful worker bee would be so accustomed to her constant attention that one fine day it would dutifully offer its back as a comfortable cushion, and then Regina would fly on top of her around the entire Garden of Eden, flower by flower, leisurely scooping up tiny handfuls of fragrant nectar.The highest official in the ministry of education, the holiest of holies, a nervous little woman with a name known throughout all of Russia, who was mentioned at least weekly on television news programs, was an intimate friend of Regina’s since time immemorial, when Regina worked as head server at a Moscow restaurant and dressed all in imported, rather tasteless clothes bought through connections at the hard currency store. This was that mighty, all-powerful, and irreplaceable friendship of youth valued above all money, all gifts, and all achievements.This nervous woman, who had in past years never once been anything short of clairvoyant in her ability to spot the future honeybees, was now reaping the abundant fruit of her creative labors. Regina’s friend was useful not only for her help in arranging all sorts of matters—one phone call from her could gain access to a new region and the best children to adopt out—she was also helpful in supplying information that could not be gotten from any other source. For instance, a couple of years ago she warned Regina well in advance about the upcoming moratorium on international adoption. The next day an emergency meeting was convened, Regina alerted her colleagues, and as soon as possible the foreigners evacuated a whole crowd of orphans from Russia to their homeland, providing for the Rogozhin entrepreneurs for half a year until the moratorium lapsed.Looking around at the group assembled in the restaurant, Nina realized they all undoubtedly brought something of their own to the table, each having in his or her communication with the outside world a special trump card that helped to overcome another person’s protective membrane.Ksenia was a simple soul who didn’t show up in the officials’ offices on actual business, but simply passed through, just dropping in to chat about life.Alevtina was the heavy artillery. She was Stalin’s empire, the party elite, and Catherine the Great, all in an SUV with a mustached driver.Tamara brought glamor and enchantment—looking at her, a Rogozhin lady couldn’t help but wonder how much of her pay envelope would need to be spent on updating her appearance. For them, Tamara was like a walking glossy magazine.Strange-faced Roman personified respectability and positivity: the officials simply melted when he walked in the office. On the ring finger of his right hand, Roman wore a gold ring inscribed with the words Holy Rus, Save the Orthodox Faith, and he bought all his gifts well in advance, taking into account the complexity of feminine nature, so that each female official received precisely what she wanted most.It was only Regina who didn’t make any special effort to win their hearts; everyone knew about her connection at the ministry, and they were in awe when she made her appearance.Nina already knew from Ksenia about the ethics of the process among the intermediaries in the city of Rogozhin. It was not acceptable to run across the street to see each other, to encroach on orphans who were allocated to someone else, or to arbitrarily increase the size of kickbacks that had been set at the general meeting. The intermediaries for the city of Rogozhin had long since come to the conclusion that it was better to divide the children equally and not be greedy. There was one very useful rule for Ksenia and Nina: If you can’t adopt out a child yourself, pass that one on to someone else. This meant if someone failed to find a parent for a child with developmental delays or a complicated diagnosis, that person would cede the child to other colleagues, provided that the diagnosis, no matter how unpleasant, was never suppressed.Subtle questions of strategy and connections with the administration also arose in the general council.There were other rules that existed in this environment: Don’t poke your nose into someone else’s life, Don’t brag, and Don’t get jealous. So elephantine Alevtina only mentioned casually that she had moved into a new apartment, and Ksenia only found out quite by accident that it wasn’t just an ordinary apartment, but a two-story penthouse in an excellent Moscow neighborhood. Nina found out that Tamara bought a villa with a swimming pool on the seashore in Spain by chance: one evening Tamara phoned her personally and asked for an urgent Spanish-to-Russian translation of several documents from the transaction proceedings, and for help the next day in negotiations with the seller. Tamara’s trust made such an impression on Nina that she didn’t tell Ksenia about the offer.When one of the members of this secret fellowship arrived in a new car, more prestigious and expensive than their last, everyone kept tactfully silent.In other words, a high regard for legitimate business ethics prevailed among the mediators in the city of Rogozhin, ethics that could be the envy of any prosperous Western company.Ksenia had warned Nina that they would talk about all sorts of topics at the meeting—how big a bribe to give each official so that nobody would mistakenly be given too much, how to distribute the humanitarian aid sent by foreigners, in what sequence the foreign families would come in the following months to look at children in such a way that would avoid unpleasant clashes and conflicts, what price to take for healthy orphans, how much for premature and sick orphans so that nobody would by mistake, God forbid, slip into the realm of predatory pricing.But no pressing issues were raised for some reason that day. Put simply, they met for the leisurely life of sipping tea and coffee, and then Alevtina Petrovna suddenly took it upon herself to order a bowl of cold borscht and ate it, sipping appetizingly, and after the borscht she demanded something called a Caesar salad, and Tamara ordered a Caesar salad right after her. After watching her colleagues chomp, Ksenia skimmed the menu and chose the smoked trout, Roman had some complex sandwich filled with hot cheese, and Nina asked for a second helping of ice cream, two scoops: one cherry, one strawberry.The conversation was slowly gaining momentum; they discussed officials, Chilean bureaucrats, another possible upcoming moratorium, then switched to Rogozhin shops and restaurants. The next month Ada had a trip scheduled to Moscow, and for a while there was a lively period of decision-making about who would cater to Ada and what costs they should incur. It was decided that they would all chip in for Ada’s entertainment, and they all intently rustled their wallets.The prevailing atmosphere in the restaurant was, as they say, laid back.“All of them,” Ksenia explained, after the meeting came to an end, Nina and Ksenia said their good-byes to everyone, and they got in the car, “work with different adoption agencies. But you know how much money the agencies get themselves. Five hundred euros per baby, maximum. In whose interest is that? Is that really what a healthy baby is worth? To hell with that! So here’s where they maneuver: one baby goes to an agency, the next to the other side, us, the independents. But it’s more complicated for them than for us. Their clients are mostly Americans—capricious, well versed in the law. At the slightest glitch they want the right to vacillate or bring a lawyer. But they’ll also pay for a healthy one, not just our paltry fifteen or seventeen thousand euros: twenty-five or thirty thousand for healthy, plus help for the children’s home.”“Americans are richer than our Spaniards,” Ksenia continued as they sat in traffic. “They don’t ever take illiquids, except for ones they have specifically requested. There were a few cases. For example, one family adopted a legless child. At first they took a little boy, an invalid from birth. They took him to America and sewed up his legs. How they sewed them up I have no idea. Then they returned to Russia and spotted a sister for him in Rogozhin—a little girl with no legs. But they are mostly finicky. Tamara and I went to Alevtina once to appeal this very point of view: all the ones the Americans don’t take, give them to us. And I’ll take an extra kickback for them. You understand?”“I understand,” said Nina. “Imagine, that friend of mine, you remember, the one named Yulia, who gave me your phone number, she’s now trying to take a disabled girl as well.”“Has she lost her mind, perhaps, your friend?”“I don’t know.”“It’s such a pain in the ass to adopt. Let alone a sick baby. Just awful!”“Her favorite case got abandoned. She goes to visit the girl on weekends and spends the rest of her time gathering paperwork. No husband, father’s sick, grandmother and grandfather are old. The apartment’s too cramped, so they won’t place the girl there. And then there’s her disability. Simply put, the officials don’t want to give her the girl. She is now trying to lease a separate apartment. Maybe then something will budge.”“She can arrange better housing, since she feels so strongly about it. It’s easier now, lots of people have done it.”“She found out that under domestic guardianship rules she can only take a baby who lives in her region. If the baby is from, say, the Rogozhin province, the legal guardian must live in Rogozhin.”“How about that! I didn’t know. What absurdity! What difference does it make who lives where?”Ksenia steered carefully down Lenin Prospect, where traffic was bottlenecked.“Oh, what are you doing?” She swore at a tiny car that had gotten in front of her. “Look at that lady behind the wheel! What a bitch! That bitch! That’s it, I’m not letting anyone else in.”Finally, Ksenia managed to turn, and they found themselves in a never-ending stream of cars.“By the way, they’re lovely people, your colleagues. Only, you know,” Nina admitted out of nowhere, “they all gave me strange looks. Maybe they didn’t like that I came with you to the restaurant?”“What do you mean? No, it’s a different issue: it’s just that you, Nina, are a tasty morsel for them.”“In what sense?”“In this sense: they would take great pleasure in having a young woman like you. Someone with a well-organized network of Spanish intermediaries, who would be willing to work for them and supply them with customers.”Strange, thought Nina. Ksenia would seem to be quite uninterested in telling me these details. If she thinks it’s a good thing, isn’t it beneficial for me to know what these people need? They don’t really need me, of course. It’s enough for me to be working with Ksenia. But still . . .“Tell me,” she asked suddenly, “do they know about your history with Kirill?”“Of course,” Ksenia answered, as if it was nothing.“And how did they react?”“They reacted normally,” Ksenia responded. “To be honest with you, Regina herself told me she thought I should split with him.”“She did?”“Uh-huh. She said Kirill was profiting from me. He was paying like an agency, but he was a slave driver, like an independent mediator. Whatever price he wanted, that was the price he assigned. Sometimes fifteen thousand euros, sometimes eighteen. If it was a better child, healthier, he’d raise the price, and if was illiquid he’d do a discount. And I would get dick—five hundred euros, come hell or high water. Just like an agency, for fuck’s sake. So what’s the point of all that? Don’t people see anything or understand anything?”People somehow understand everything, but I don’t understand anything, Nina thought. She said good-bye to Ksenia at the metro and rode down the escalator. Why did Ksenia tell me they were all hoping to work with me? Why did Regina feel it necessary to remove Kirill from the region? What is the cost of all this? Or maybe it doesn’t cost anything. Maybe it was all spontaneous, just random gestures. I’ll never be able to understand it. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina had for a number of days felt a premonition that it would soon be the time for a farewell.She could barely recognize Max: he was surrounded by a thick mist of aloofness. She wished she could put on special glasses with a powerful prescription to see him and understand what was happening with him.Nina saw the separation coming the day she detected the unfamiliar smell of the cologne Max was wearing. Something had already happened by then. Something was up, but she couldn’t see it yet.She thought about Max all evening and eventually found herself in the metro on the red line.She got out at University Station, headed to the rumbling tram stop, and got on tram 39.Nina headed up to the front platform and punched her ticket.It was late in the evening. There were only two or three passengers besides her on the tram. They were sitting in their seats and cringing at the noise made by the iron hulk running on its rail.To show up at Max’s with no advance notice was a violation of the rules.On the other hand, it was the right sort of thing to do. Max would finally realize that Nina was not amorphous. She was an active participant in life, capable of many things—like grabbing ahold of and throwing out all sorts of stupid rules. Generally speaking, she never did this; these things were never spontaneous. They would agree on the date and the hour, always making these plans days in advance. But if this was a rule that existed between them, there also existed exceptions to the rule. And now was just such an evening when an exception might be made. They urgently needed to talk. They hadn’t seen each other in a hundred years and rarely spoke on the phone.The tram was really flying, swaying from side to side almost nonstop. It was as if it wanted to get home and go to bed. Nina also wanted to get to bed, so she wanted to see Max immediately. She just needed to see him for a minute, to make sure they were still together and that the current of life would never carry her away, and then she would leave. That was, of course, if Max didn’t ask her to stay. She would certainly tell him that she would be quitting this job soon. And then she could go with him to Cairo or wherever else, any place they would send a reporter—north, south, west, or east. Nigeria, a jungle full of spiders, one of the planet’s hotspots—anywhere.It was very important for her to tell him all of this today. He once said he dreamed of them traveling together.It was dark by the time she reached the tram stop near Max’s building. The tall oak trees cast stirring shadows.A dry leaf landed at her feet. The full moon was out over the roof. Everything was quiet and empty. Despite her fatigue, which was a well-established habit, Nina felt courageous and determined. She pulled out her phone and called Max.“Hello!” Her voice in the silence sounded unexpectedly loud and excited.“Hi,” Max responded quietly, a little tired.“I could come over and see you now,” Nina offered. “I’m not far from there. In the metro.”She was embarrassed. Her intonation was getting too aggressive with joy and fear.“Oh, cool. But you know, I’m not at home right now. I’m in another city. I’ll be back the day after tomorrow.”“Okay,” Nina dutifully replied.Without looking up she could see Max’s window—right there, that yellow rectangle on the fifth floor. A bright, well-lit yellow rectangle, and someone was moving in the room, closing the curtains. The next moment the yellow light went out, and in its place was the soft glow of the Ikea lampshade over his bed.“So I’ll see you again some other time, then?” Nina’s voice still sounded cheerful.“Yes, come another time. We’ll set it up on the phone.”Those last words Max pronounced quietly, in a strange voice.He hung up before Nina did.She stood for a long time under the streetlight on an illuminated patch of asphalt, looking at the familiar window—until her neck hurt and her eyes strained. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Dina, Nina’s old university friend, showed up in Moscow unexpectedly from New York. Nobody knew about Dina’s trip, not Nina, not Yulia, not any of the other girls from their group who stayed in Moscow after graduation.One evening someone called her at home—her mother brought her the phone—and asked for Nina. It turned out to be Dina. Zoya Alexievna didn’t recognize her.Nina hardly communicated with anybody besides Ksenia. In those monotonous, gloomy days that came into her life after breaking up with Max, she realized that a person can get broken just like some fragile thing, like a violin or a fan. This comes about almost unnoticed; one day you just suddenly start to get old. The thoughts go around slowly, like prisoners on a walk in the yard: one wrong move left or right and you find yourself in a space of pain.Nina learned how to control her thoughts, keeping them within the framework of her everyday worries. She was so seriously damaged for such a long time she was frozen in a comfortable position, avoiding awkward movements.She didn’t really have the emotional strength to have anybody over.But Dina had been away from Moscow for so long, Nina didn’t dare refuse to see her.“You should come over,” she said.“If you want, I can come over right now,” said Dina. “I can take a taxi and be there in an hour.”“Great! I look forward to it!”That evening a tall, beautiful, slender Dina, the spitting image of the girl in the movie The Fifth Element, dressed in all-black New York fashion, with a little black leather backpack over her shoulder, stepped into Nina’s entry, hugged her, and kissed her three times, the Russian way.Soon they were sitting in the kitchen, and Dina drank the Buratino soda she had bought somewhere along the way.“Oh, this is so delicious! Imagine, they have this stuff in America, but it doesn’t taste the same! It’s probably a better formula, but it’s not the same as the ones we have here in the plastic bottle.”Nina marveled at this miracle: she had no idea there were any Moscow shops still selling Buratino soda in plastic bottles, and that anybody loved them and bought them.“You see,” Dina explained, “you can find anything in America. There are special supermarkets that serve all the Ukrainians and Polish people. There’s everything there that your soul might desire: sauerkraut, black bread, pickles. But all of it is kind of weird. The taste isn’t the same.”“It’s worse?”“It’s better. But it’s not the same, and that’s the thing. I don’t want it to be better, I want it to be the same way they used to make it. They cheat on Borodinsky bread. I want it like our Moscow Borodinsky, with caraway seeds and black crust. Pickled cucumbers without a drop of vinegar.”“They really do it without vinegar?”“That’s an unknown.” Dina nibbled delightedly on a salty pickle that Nina had fished out of the jar for her. “I just don’t know. From the taste you would think there’s vinegar in it, but they swear there isn’t.”“Maybe”—Nina smiled—“you are a little nostalgic?”“What are you saying, Nin?” Dina became serious. “How is that nostalgia! Losing those Soviet products was like a clean knife cut: some of these things were such a crucial part of Russia, and now they are not. On the contrary, nostalgia is what we have in New York. I see it in my dreams. I dream of returning as soon as I can.”They were silent.Dina had lived in New York for eight years. She left for America during that unforgettable period of time when marrying a foreigner was considered an integral part of a Russian woman’s success. The majority of students at the university were not Muscovites, so the ones who dreamed their whole youths about living in the capital tended not to want to stay after graduation. They would head off for different countries, all over the place. This was what happened with Dina, but Nina happened to know the real reason: it wasn’t a career or a mandatory program, but a genuine, big love.Simpleminded Dina would never get married based on calculation.She came to Moscow University from her hometown of Sochi. She and Nina became friends before classes even started, at the entrance exams. At the last of these exams, anemic Dina had such anxiety that she vomited bile in the women’s toilet, and Nina took her to her dorm by taxi. Then they sat together in lectures and at the library, went together on the internship to Spain, and dreamed of staying together at the department and defending their dissertations. But, after graduating with honors, Dina moved to America with a biologist, to the great interest of Nina’s father, who had always secretly dreamed of emigrating. Her marriage, just like plenty of other hasty marriages Russian women got into with foreigners, turned out to be a good one: when she got to New York, Dina put down roots and lost her connections with Sochi and Moscow. She only came back twice—once for some sort of document, and the second time for her stepfather’s burial.“Well, what about you?” Dina asked Nina. “How’s your life going? Your mother told me on the phone you’re always working. Does the department really take up that much of your time?”“It’s not the department . . .” Nina hesitated.“Really? Maybe it isn’t work, but something else?”“It’s work, it’s work.”“Well, I was asking about your personal life.”“I’ll tell you about my personal life later.” Nina made a long face. “It’s only work now. Not quite the norm, it’s true. I never dreamed I’d be doing it.”“It sounds interesting. What in the world could it be?”“It’s nothing interesting, truth be told. I work as a translator for Spanish couples who are adopting Russian children, that’s all.”Nina went silent when she saw Dina’s unexpected reaction: she froze, staring at Nina in amazement.“You work in adoptions?”“Well, yeah. Why are you looking at me like that?” Nina was surprised.“No reason,” Dina said. “It’s just that I am very familiar with all of this.”“From where?” Nina couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “You’re telling me you’ve encountered this before somewhere?”“Just imagine”—Dina shook her head—“if it wasn’t for that damned job, maybe I wouldn’t have quit loving this country in such a desperate way. I might not have left.”And Dina told Nina that after she graduated from the university she had, in secret from everyone, also worked for a whole year with Spanish people who came to adopt children. This work was drudgery. Dina was sent off to the Urals, to the enormous industrial city of Ekaterinburg, where she had to stay for months. The Spanish people came in big crowds, and she lived in their hotel, in her own special room, so that she would always be with them. Her clients had to wait for a long time in Ekaterinburg before they were finally allowed to take their adopted orphans. Nobody would agree to meet them halfway and speed up the formal procedures: some of the Spanish parents lived in apartments they rented for big money, and each additional day brought revenue to the hosts.“Sometimes they would find a place outside the city.” Dina took a cigarette out of her backpack and lit up. Nina’s mother allowed smoking in their kitchen. “One time it was some big country house. I think it was somebody’s dacha. A genuine log cabin with a porch and two stories. Fortunately, it had heating—even a heated toilet. At first the Spaniards enjoyed this life. Indeed, it was a Russian winter, harsh beauty, nature was all around. And then it quickly ceased to please them: the house only had a few rooms, and they were stuffed in there like herring in a barrel. They almost never left the house, didn’t go anywhere—it was thirty below, and not a soul was around them. Not a store, nothing. Just the forest and the dacha, boarded up for winter and piled high with snow. They had groceries delivered by car, for an exorbitant price, naturally. Plus, every day they drove to the children’s home, and it wasn’t nearby. Every trip there and back cost three hundred euros. Just consider what their landlords must have been taking from them.”“Why would they agree to live in a cabin like that? It’s not like they were being forcibly kept there.”“You might say it was by force. Voluntarily compulsory. They didn’t have a choice. If you want to adopt a baby, you have to live under the conditions laid out for you, and if you don’t want to, there are others who will take your place.”“That’s so funny. I had no idea you worked in adoptions.” Nina was amazed. “I almost never saw you back then, and nobody heard from you, either. Only once in a while, when you came to Moscow. You never talked about it. None of us knew anything about it, not the professors or the girls.”“Good pickles!” Dina grabbed another pickle and took a crunchy bite. “These are from your dacha, probably?”“They’re ours, yes. It’s my mama who grows all the cucumbers.”“Good for your mama.” Dina finished her drink and put the glass in the sink. “Listen, do you have anything stronger in there? A little vodka, maybe? We are in Russia, after all. We even have pickles.”“In fact, we do have some.” Nina took out an already-open bottle and two glasses. “You want it with juice? Or how do you like it?”“Just like that,” answered Dina. “Just a little bit. Well then,” she said, tipping her glass. “You understand, I didn’t want anybody to know about this, so I never told anybody about it—not you girls, and not anybody in the department. I didn’t advertise it. It was like I thought I wouldn’t be doing it for very long. I certainly didn’t want to linger in that sleazy business. It was supposed to be just a temporary break in my life, that’s all. Besides, I didn’t graduate with honors just to engage in the sale of children. I just wanted to do something different and interesting. I’d have taught anywhere decent. But how can you refuse that kind of money?”“The sale of children . . . Do you really think adoption is that bad?”“Adoption is wonderful. It is genuinely good work. Remember the saying? Don’t build seven churches, find homes for seven children. But it’s them doing the good work—the Spanish people, Italians, Americans. For us it’s business as usual.”“Well, I wouldn’t put it like that exactly.”“How would you put it? I have to call things as I see them. They give us money. We give them the goods. What else should I call it? It’s a standard transaction. It’s only on their side that there’s something more: compassion, the desire to become parents, to help the poor orphans. And us? We only want one thing: money. Euros, right? Well, you know, or dollars.”“So what about Javier?” Nina felt an urgent need to move the unpleasant conversation in a more benign direction. “Where did you meet him, if you spent the whole year in Ekaterinburg?”“That’s where we met. He was there to adopt a baby.”“What do you mean, by himself?”“With his wife. They all go as couples, like you would imagine. Or, almost all of them.”“I don’t understand.”“He and his wife came to Ekaterinburg to adopt a child, and that’s where he met me.”“How could you do that?”“We fell in love, that’s how. You don’t believe me? True love, like they say. Love at first sight. Things couldn’t have turned out differently for him or for me. We tried to reject each other for a while, but there was no denying it.”“But they still adopted the baby?”“They adopted. A boy, quite small—blond hair, blue eyes. I helped them, to be honest. I did everything to make sure they got a healthy baby.”Dina sighed.“What happened when they returned to Spain with their boy?”“I met Javier on my very first trip to Eburg. Imagine, we flew there together and got off the plane together. It was freezing, thirty degrees. The continental climate out there is harsh, and the winter is very cold. At the airport these young lady interpreters would stand in a line like prostitutes on the curb. I stood there with them. I was brand new, and a number of clients had already not wanted to be my first. I was assigned to Javier and his wife. I had not worked in the business of adoptions in Eburg for a single day. This was my debut. Later I often thought that our meeting felt like it was rigged somehow: a day earlier or a day later and we would have never met. I used to think such things were only written about in books: you just look at each other, and suddenly you are in love. It turns out it exists in life. I laid eyes on Javier, and it was like the airport was empty all around us—no wife, no other Spaniards, no young lady interpreters. Just him and me. We went to get settled in the hotel, got the passport, filled out some paperwork, then had lunch in a café—him, his wife, and me, and at the end just him and me. But the café is a minor detail, of course, compared to everything else. The hardest part of all was at the children’s home: first they looked at a weak little boy who everyone passed over. It was too bad about the little boy, of course. But I immediately realized they would take him no matter what, but we wouldn’t, so it needed to be a different one. Imagine, I was actually saying this about myself: we, not they, as in Javier and his wife, but in fact we, Javier and me. And there I was calling the intermediary Kira over and over, begging, pleading, making up some stupid story, something about how these were my friends, who I had known for years before Eburg. If you really take a look at it, there never was any hope. Usually if the Spanish couples didn’t like the baby, they would turn around and haul their butts back to Spain. And yet there were very few cases like this. The kindly Spanish people rarely refused a child. And imagine, this Kira found another child for them the same day. They say miracles never happen. But they do happen: that first meeting with Javier, then this new baby, their future son. He had been assigned to some family that was supposed to come with Javier, but then for some reason didn’t come, and the boy was in limbo. He stayed in the same children’s home that first illiquid was from—in total they spent five days in Eburg. I was in a frenzy the whole time: I couldn’t sleep at night. I just lay there with my eyes closed, hoping morning would come soon. There would be just a little daylight, and I would take a quick shower, then get dressed, plaster the dark circles under my eyes with makeup, and run over to their room. I would knock on their door, and he would open—and there was such happiness, you just cannot imagine. I even came to love his wife amid such happiness. Though, to be honest, she wasn’t the most appealing lady. Taller than him, older by ten years. A thin, dark, wrinkled face. Javier said that she was a very good person. It’s likely that she was. I learned later that she was taking some pills—first in an attempt to correct her female health problems, and then to treat her depression. She was depressed because she couldn’t get pregnant. Three times they tried in vitro fertilization, and every time was a miscarriage. Of course, none of what Javier and I loved about each other in those first five days ever even wavered. I knew already that I couldn’t live without him. And he felt the same. Two months later they came back, this time to go to court. And they stayed in Eburg quite a while, waiting for their baby, and then formalizing all the documents. Javier himself was in no hurry to go, of course.”“And were these two some of the ones who stayed in that cabin you were telling me about? How did you get to see him?”“They stayed in the best hotel in the city center. I kept telling everyone that these were my close friends so they wouldn’t get messed with. Javier’s wife said that I was their guardian angel. If only she knew. But in a sense, I really was their guardian angel, in terms of money, anyway: they got extorted less than all the others. In fact, shouldn’t a translator always be a guardian angel for her customers? That’s probably how it is in other situations, but not here in this despicable racket.”Dina was briefly silent, then poured herself another glass of vodka. Nina put the kettle on the stove and got out cups.“What happened next?” she asked.“Javier returned to Spain with his wife and son. I was convinced we were parting forever. I saw them off at the airport, and I couldn’t stop sobbing. Javier’s wife was fuming. It was a nightmare. To an outsider our farewell probably looked pretty strange, but I didn’t care. All I wanted was one thing: to stay together just a few more minutes. Without the wife, without the baby, just him and me . . .”Nina noticed that Dina’s long, nicely curved eyelashes were glistening with tears. Nina was about to cry herself, she was so affected by the story.“And then what?”“Javier lived with his family for about four months, and then came back to me in Russia. Back to Eburg—I was still working there. There was nowhere else for me to go. I didn’t feel like going to Moscow; there really wasn’t anyone there for me. All that was left was the hotel where Javier stayed, the streets on which he walked. Not to mention that I was working all the time: families were arriving every day and going to see the children, then going to court.”“And what did his wife think when he came back to visit you in Russia?”“I have no idea. He didn’t tell me much about what things were like after I appeared in his life. When they decided to adopt, things were already very hard between them. The age difference had a lot to do with it. Ten years of unhappiness is immediate evidence of this. They worked together in some scientific institute. She helped him. It seems like she was his boss. The work was great, but as a family everything went haywire from the beginning. First they were both examined in a clinic, which led to her being found infertile and treated for it. Infertility treatment isn’t for a week or a month, it’s several years of torture. His wife was hysterical, depressed—Javier was just tired.”“What then? Getting divorced in Spain isn’t like it is in Russia. It’s much more complicated.”“Fortunately for everyone, the wife didn’t hold Javier back. They divorced very quietly, very quickly. Javier left everything to her, and the baby stayed with her as well. And he married me right away and took me to the States. They were already expecting him there. An American laboratory had wanted him and his wife to work for them for a long time, but his wife refused, and without her, you know, he didn’t feel like he could go. And then when he and I got together, I agreed immediately.”“Well, generally speaking,” said Nina. “I can just barely believe it. What a story! So this is why you just disappeared! We didn’t even get to say good-bye when you left. And I knew none of this about Ekaterinburg. I only knew you got a job somewhere. Did you have a wedding?”“No wedding,” Dina said. “We got married in a hurry. If there had been one, you would have been the first person I invited.”“Thank you.” Nina smiled.The kettle was boiling. Nina shook the remnants of the old tea out of the pot and brewed a new pot with some tea Dina brought: authentic oolong, bought in New York’s Chinatown.“How about that,” Nina exclaimed and took a sip. “We can’t get this kind here.”“Well, I don’t know.” Dina took a candy from the dish. “In my opinion there’s plenty of stuff you can get. Candy like this, for example. Cheap and sour. We could go around the entire city of New York and not find candy like that. Genuine Moscow candy. You know, the important thing here now is to have a lot of money. By the way, you probably make decent money now, eh? Adoptions certainly isn’t the university.”“I suppose,” Nina reluctantly agreed.She didn’t feel like talking about work. A more interesting topic would be Dina’s marriage, which it turns out Nina knew nothing about.“Adoptions is a goldmine,” Dina continued, taking another piece of candy. “If you have nerves of steel.”“You mean because of all the sick children?”“I mean in terms of the dealers who troll all the regions. Their greed is extreme. I saw Spanish people stripped to the bone. Any work leaves a mark on you, but this work disfigures you.”“Why do you say that?”“Because these people have unlimited power. These Spanish couples fall into their clutches and depend on them completely when they come here. If you want, jack up the price. If you want, take an extra hundred euros for every sneeze. If you want, put them in a cabin in the woods. Nobody pulls this business on the Americans—they would throw a fit right away.”“Who exactly operates in the Urals?” Nina asked cautiously. “I heard almost half of all foreigners that go there are adopting children.”“They used to go there, but nowadays I don’t know. There are several major tycoons who manage the Urals and Siberia. The most noteworthy is Vadim: he has thirty adoptions going out every month.”“No way!” Nina exclaimed. “That’s impossible.”“It’s possible, just think about it. Now imagine how much money is routed to him—almost half a million euros a month. He has intermediaries in multiple regions.”“What about the others? Vadim can’t handle that flow of traffic by himself.”“You wouldn’t think he could. He shouldn’t be able to, but he really wants to. Vadim has a monopoly. His people try to hoard all the children for themselves. But other intermediaries don’t like this, and they try to battle with him.”“I can’t believe it! How do they do that?”“Various ways. Once they torched his car. A new one he had only just bought. Burned it thoroughly. All that was left was a blackened frame. The police never did find out who had a hand in it. On another occasion they actually organized a hit on him.”“They wanted to kill him?”“I think it was more just to scare him. Or maybe he pissed somebody off so badly they actually decided to have him rubbed out. He didn’t let other people have enough work, and some of them hated him for it. Since then he doesn’t leave his house without personal protection. By all appearances he’s a straight-arrow minister of education. In fact, he’s a racketeer, a thief in the eyes of the law. But he’s on a first-name basis with all the officials. All the offices are open to him, even in Moscow. It’s like he’s at home at the ministry of education—he kicks the doors open with his foot.”“Did you communicate with him personally?” Nina asked.“Of course not. I never saw him, not even once. Vadim was somewhere out beyond the clouds, and nobody ever invited us there. I worked with Kira, a petty mediator, who worked under him. There were at least ten others like her in Eburg. Kira hinted that Vadim himself was working with someone, someone above him. Most likely some authority in Moscow in control of the adoption business throughout Russia. There are of course tales of a mythical Evelina, who trained Vadim herself and gave him Siberia.”They were silent. Dina took out another cigarette and held the tip of it at the very edge of the old gas burner’s violet flower.“So you’re saying the hardest part of all was working with the intermediaries?”“Honestly, I don’t exactly remember. That whole thing was intolerable. There are things in this work that will make you nauseous for a long time. All these devastated fates, atrocities, rapes, abandoned children—and these sly people make a fortune, consuming all the loose change around them, taking all those little wads of lukewarm money.”Dina inhaled deeply and released a stream of smoke.Nina heard the door lock click in the entry: her mother was home.She didn’t want Zoya Alexievna to sit down with them in the kitchen. She would interrupt this important and interesting conversation if she did. She assembled the teapot, cups, candy, and cheese on a tray—she picked up this habit of using a tray from Ksenia—and brought it all to her room. Dina dutifully hurried after her.“Tell me what you think,” Nina said, picking up the fax machine from the coffee table and putting it in its place. “All this horrible stuff that happens to children—is it caused by some larger phenomenon? Maybe savagery is to blame? Russian savagery as a national trait?”“Hardly.” Dina gently snuffed out her cigarette and left the butt in the ashtray. “The whole problem is indifference. Indifference is a national trait of all Russians, I would say.”“I like to think our people are sincere,” Nina replied. “Sympathetic.”“Perhaps that is the mystery of the Russian soul.” Dina smiled. “Compassion and indifference at the same time.”“Maybe. And yet what is the difference between cruelty and indifference? The end result is the same.”“That’s true, it’s the same. But cruelty exists everywhere. Anywhere you go, in every country. To deliberately cause suffering is a pathology, a sickness. But nobody’s actually causing suffering here. I mean, they aren’t consciously causing it. That mother who left her children alone in the house and went to get drunk at her neighbor’s house—I remember, I had such a case. She didn’t torture anybody. There was no abuse. She just went to her neighbor’s house and was gone for a few days. The children sat by the door. The door was locked up tight. They had nothing—no clothes, no shoes, no bedding. But most importantly there was no food, none whatsoever. The mother forgot to leave them any. You certainly come across this in your work, don’t you?”“Sometimes. Go on.”“The youngest two of these children died of starvation, and the third now lives in Spain. So where exactly was the cruelty?”“There wasn’t any, I suppose.”“Or here’s an example from Russian literature . . . Where exactly it comes from, I don’t remember. Maybe it was Marienhof. One man was a shoemaker, and his wife died. This was during the time of troubles after the revolution—chaos, war, and famine were all around. The shoemaker was a widower with a five-year-old halfwit son on his hands. The kind who we would describe in the adoption process as having ‘delays in cognitive development.’ The man had absolutely no use for this boy. He tried to turn the boy over to a children’s home, but they wouldn’t take him. Tried to do something else with him, also no luck. And then he thought to buy two train tickets, let’s say to Dmitrov, and sat with his son on the train, and then he got off at one of the stops and returned to Moscow. The boy kept going on the train. The man probably breathed a sigh of relief.”“Or maybe he didn’t sigh, who knows?” Nina mumbled. “Maybe he was tormented for the rest of his life. Overcome with grief.”“Maybe. Nobody will ever know. Such cases are typical with us, Ninochka. The results are the same.”“It’s true, they’re the same,” Nina echoed. “And cruelty has nothing to do with it, you’re right.”“Here’s another example,” Dina continued. “This happened when I was still working in Eburg. The social worker told me about it in the children’s home. A mother threw her newborn baby in the garbage chute. She gave birth in her apartment, went out to the stairwell, and threw the baby in. The little girl fell in, but it didn’t kill her. She was still alive. It wasn’t high. Second floor, that’s all. So the mother didn’t stop at that. When she realized her daughter was still alive, she started throwing burning newspapers down the chute. She crumpled them up, lit them, and threw them down. So much so that a fire started in the garbage chute, and the little girl got burned. Somebody heard her screams and pulled her out. Maybe they heard her even earlier, but they were reluctant to leave their warm apartments to go out into the cold. And by that time the little girl was burned all over her body.”“Did she survive?”“She died.”They were silent. Dina took out another cigarette. This time her movements were jittery, angry.“We’re indifferent, yes. That mother who burned her little girl so she wouldn’t be in the way was indifferent. The neighbors on her landing who didn’t come out when they heard the crying baby were indifferent. It’s like, ‘fuck it,’ right? People are like this about everything. Once when I still lived in Moscow, my sister went somewhere while she was pregnant. It was New Year’s, and there were a bunch of morons rushing around in the city center. She was due in less than a month, and she wanted to buy her husband a present, that’s why she was out. She got out of the metro and was climbing the stairs, and there was a solid sheet of ice at the top. She slipped and fell. She was just lying there by the metro exit. She floundered around and couldn’t get up—her baby belly kept her down. It was so slippery that she could only roll from side to side. There were folks all around her. It was only half past four, early evening. And not a single person stopped to help her. Then she crawled to the side and somehow got up, clinging to the railing. She cried, and not from pain or humiliation. She cried in horror that such a thing could happen. And where? In the center of the city she had lived in for so many years. When she finally got to her feet, she got her phone out and called me. She didn’t want to call her husband—she was too embarrassed. But she called me and was sobbing into the phone. I can’t imagine such a thing happening in some other country. Spain, or the States. The countries where I’ve spent my time. I feel like if something were to happen to me here, some kind of crisis, I would want to leave forever. Not for myself but for my future children, because they would of course be with me and Javier. And I’ve always been patriotic, remember?”“I remember.”“Or here’s another instance. This was last year, when I came back for my stepfather’s funeral. I agreed to meet with a certain person about the inheritance. It was terribly difficult to make the arrangements, to beg him to come, and to make an appointment with a notary. Just for a few days, then he had a return ticket. And then we all had to agree upon a certain day and hour—myself, this man, and the notary. So I traveled to Moscow. There was a terrible traffic jam. I started to realize I wouldn’t arrive on time. I got out of the taxi and went down into the metro. Time was running out to buy tickets, and it was a very long line. It was peak rush hour, and only one register was open. I pleaded with a lady at the turnstile to let me have her ticket for thirty rubles—she wouldn’t give me the time of day. For fifty it was the same result. She was angry as well. Passersby said, Go stand in line like everybody else. I looked at my watch—fifteen minutes until the meeting, only just enough time to get there. And then I started to do the last, almost impossible thing: I started shoving my thirty rubles at these unhappy people, begging them to let me use one of their travel cards. Sell me one trip. And what do you think happened? They got angry, started to snap. You, they were saying. Have you lost your mind?”“What did you do?”“I had no other options, so I kept asking. I cried a little bit from the shame. And then some woman gave me her ticket, didn’t even want to take my money for it.”“How do you explain all this to yourself?”“People were afraid I was trying to trick them with some not-yet-recognized method. For those paltry thirty rubles I would somehow suck out all the trips on their card. Or liberate the wallets from their pockets. But most likely they were all just preoccupied with their business and didn’t feel like stopping for a moment to see what the crazy lady needed.”“And how would you have behaved if you were in their place? Would you have given up your ticket?”“You want me to be honest? If it had been Barcelona or New York, of course I would have. Most definitely. No hesitation. But here—not for anything.”“But why?”“I don’t know. That’s the thing.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Dina’s story affected Nina so much she couldn’t sleep at all that night.Lying in the darkness with her eyes open, she watched the stripes from headlights slide past on the wall and thought about Dina. A conversation from long ago with a translator came back to her, someone she knew from the consulate. This was a fun-loving girl named Lenka, one of those reckless Russian beauties. Lenka told her she had lived in Siberia for several months, and how the Spanish people came there in big groups. They were driven around in a special bus, and right after they were unloaded at the airport, they immediately took up half a plane. And then Lucia gossiped to Nina about this Lenka, that she was allegedly flirting with the future fathers. In the end a Spanish wife threw a real fit and refused to have such a treacherous creature around her. This situation, Nina mused, was easy to understand; you’re being treated for infertility, passing through one circle of hell after another until you finally send off for a baby from some distant country, and there, in that country, in the fierce snowy winter, a giggling redheaded hussy seduces your spouse, not five minutes after he becomes an adoptive father.Nina was very glad to see Dina, and nevertheless condemned what she had done.Then she remembered a story of Lucia’s about another translator named Natasha. Spanish families, after they got back from Russia to Spain, kept vying with each other to have Natasha come visit them. They asked her so seriously, like they always do, like had happened to Nina multiple times. But Nina quickly saw what was going on—these were only courtesy offers, and such offers should never be taken seriously, no matter how sincere they sound. But silly Natasha fell for it: she went to Spain as a tourist and visited everyone who had invited her—nothing special, just dropped in for a short time on each child, each and every one of whom she, unlike Nina, remembered without exception. However, some of the Spanish parents she dropped in on were horribly outraged after her visit, made phone calls, and rumors found their way to Lucia. It turns out they didn’t like the way this Russian girl had so tactlessly showed up at their houses. They had invited her out of politeness, and from their point of view it wasn’t nice to take advantage of such an invitation.Lucia giggled as she laid out the story for Nina on the phone.“What’s your take on it?” Nina had asked. “Was she in the wrong or not really?”“I don’t know,” Lucia admitted. “Every place has its own rules. For us, casual acquaintances with few exceptions are only invited out of courtesy. The etiquette would be that one party politely invites the other, the other ignores the invitation.”“Yes, but what we have in Russia is not like that,” Nina replied. “In Russia, if you invite someone, you need to be prepared that one wonderful day, she will show up at your door. For us it is proper to bear responsibility for your words, and even more so for your invitation.”“But you see,” Lucia said upon reflection, “we answer for our words as well. We are responsible. However, what we’re talking about here is etiquette, and that’s different.”“But this young woman, the interpreter Natasha, couldn’t possibly have known this about your etiquette,” Nina insisted.“She is required to know about our etiquette,” Lucia replied. “Required if she’s going to work with foreigners.”That’s fine, Nina decided. Lucia is right. If an American or Spaniard asks how you’re doing, it doesn’t mean they’re actually interested. Unless it’s your best friend who asks, a question like that has a single appropriate answer: “I’m fine.” It’s the same thing with going to visit people.It was the dead of night, there weren’t even any cars passing underneath the windows, and only the streetlight was illuminating Nina’s room. Nina looked at the clock: four in the morning. At six Vitya would be there, so it didn’t make sense to try to go to sleep any longer. She turned on the light, got up, put on her robe, and went to her bookcase, where the Chekhov tome sat on the shelf behind the glass with a gigantic bookmark in the form of green and pink euros. So many bills had accumulated that the book wouldn’t close: its two halves were spread apart, forming an isosceles triangle. Money was also stacked in a cardboard box wedged between the book and the shelf wall. I ruined Chekhov, Nina thought in disappointment. But who knew there would end up being so much? How much have I even burned through already?Working month after month and learning, on Ksenia’s advice, to spend money almost mindlessly on trivialities like jeans and bags, Nina had never thought about how much money she had managed to set aside during this time.“I wonder,” she said aloud, sitting on the edge of her bed and dumping all the money out onto the bedspread. The multicolored paper poured out in a rustling flow.Nina sat back and started counting. She sorted the bills by denomination, then put them together in neat stacks of one thousand euros each. Someone watching might think she was playing solitaire.“Oh my,” whispered Nina when she finished counting. She raised her head from the solitaire, straightened up, and took it all in. There were eighty neat stacks in front of her on the bedspread.Eighty thousand euros. Nina said it again in her head. With that I can travel around the world. But what can I do with it? What do I need with such a huge pile of cash? I can’t just let it pile up on the bookshelf.Suddenly Nina was seized by a feeling of nonchalance. It’s just paper, she thought calmly. I don’t really need anything else, for the most part. How strange and stupid it all is.She gathered all the bills together and slipped them back in their hiding places. Gradually and awkwardly, a new idea was born in her head. A huge one, totally incredible. An apartment, Nina thought, in a fuzzy daze. I’ll buy myself a small, separate apartment. I’ll leave my mother and start living on my own.Life once again filled with meaning, right before Nina’s eyes. This idea penetrated her like a nutrient solution penetrating a vein. At this point there was so much nutrient solution, the idea about the apartment was so immense, that Nina felt instantly tired from it, and she wanted to go to sleep. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] In addition to the black Hummer, the dubious notary seals, and Themis, with her inscrutable masculine physique, there was something else that troubled Nina.Over time it became apparent that Ksenia was so prone to rage, not only because she was scared, but because she was scared and jealous. Everything was working out very simply: theoretically, with an effort of will and a straining of the mind, Nina could outlive Ksenia in the Rogozhin region. She had for a long time been the main person to travel out to the towns and villages rather than Ksenia, and the officials saw her regularly. Besides that, Nina was much more friendly with them—Ada and Lyudmila had both repeatedly hinted to her about it, trying to draw a new player into their game, this time on their own terms. Nina had never even considered the possibility of throwing Ksenia out, and she had certainly never dreamed of such wealth. All indications suggested that the idea of this change had never entered Ksenia’s head, and these very secret suspicions were a weight on Nina’s mind.This constant feeling of danger sharpened her nerves to an extreme degree. Premonitions of misfortune woke her up in the night, and every time she drove to Rogozhin, she didn’t even know why, but she said a final farewell to her room and the view of Belorusskaya Station out the window.Over time, this constant nervous stress bore unexpected fruit. Nina learned to determine how things would go with a new family by reading the subtle signs. It was simple: you just had to shut down the flow of your thoughts and look at them intently without analyzing, and look at the photographs of the future parents, their home, and their patio. Listen to the sounds of their names. Sometimes it was enough to cast a single glance upon the documents lying on the table. To see them randomly, from an unusual angle, to turn around while you were standing beside the wardrobe, or look down from the chair when you climbed to the top shelf for a book, and you could open up the slightest edge on the future. It didn’t always work, but from time to time Nina guessed correctly. Nina knew in advance about that redheaded man who she imagined might have a gun, the one who didn’t want to pay the extra thousand euros and looked in Ksenia’s sunglasses with his hateful golden eyes. Now, that’s not to say she could imagine exactly what everything would be like that morning in the backseat of the van, but something seemed to be showing itself to her when she first saw his photograph.Logic only got in the way. Logic would dictate that a young family would want to adopt a healthy orphan, not an unhealthy illiquid, but in fact it was the opposite. The submissive provincials, who were afraid to leave the hotel when they were in Moscow, might get a hardy little blond girl, but more often than not they were happy to take home an unhealthy runt.These attempts to feel out the Spanish couples gradually turned into something resembling a game of chance for her.That was how she guessed in advance that a certain Andalusian family would be a difficult case. She could feel it immediately, the very first moment she pulled their set of photographs out of the envelope: a large farmhouse furnished with old, heavy furniture, a crucifix over the bed, a front garden blooming with roses, a bluish line of jagged mountains in the distance. Nina looked over the unknown antiquity, the crucifix, the white-tipped sierras that opened out directly behind the house, and suddenly the deposition documents fell from her hands and scattered across the floor. So there it is, she thought. Something’s going to happen with them.She couldn’t identify for certain exactly what was off, and she awaited the future with anticipation and anxiety. Her intuition did not disappoint.First of all, the rest of the documents, sent by express mail from Andalusia, didn’t arrive in Moscow on the expected day. They didn’t arrive two days later, or by the end of the week. The DHL office calmly reported to Nina that the parcel had been mistakenly sent to Germany, and from there was sent to Bombay. Mumbai, Nina thought automatically. But what difference does it make? Here is exactly what they told her: The parcel shipped out and then flew away. The parcel broke free from its subjugation by human will and crossed the world on its own, without the involvement of any shipping employees at the company, where most modest shipping endeavors cost fifty euros, and a heavy packet of documents no less than a hundred. One way or another, there were only two days left for Nina to translate the personal files: from Mumbai the parcel was returned to Spain, and only then was it sent on to Moscow.Never before had Nina encountered such a mess.Second, the Spanish couple ended up going the wrong way. Overnight, in advance of the forecast, a spectacular thunderstorm swept across the city, and the plane had to land at Pulkovo Airport in St. Petersburg rather than Sheremetyevo in Moscow. Nina and Vitya sat in the airport until dawn, and Nina fell asleep in a chair and slept for a whole hour, then woke up and waited some more, looking at the arrivals board over and over again. Finally, they figured out it didn’t make any sense to wait, and they went home.They only managed to travel to Rogozhin on the third day. Torrential rains poured in the night and froze by morning, and the road was sparkling like a mirror. It was as if it had poured broken glass, which gleamed in the pale, frosty sun.But Nina immediately liked the Andalusians themselves. Never before had she met such shy, gentle country folks. They worked the land with their own hands: vineyards, olive and fruit trees, even a small farm. Maria looked ten years older than Nina, even though they were only a year apart. Clearly manual labor didn’t beautify a woman, even in the fresh mountain air.Luis and Maria were in Russia to adopt two sisters, ages four and six. They were selected for Ksenia by Lyudmila Dmitrievna. This time they had to drive a hundred kilometers outside of Rogozhin once again, to the distant village of Konkovo, where Sveta had come from.They had already arrived in Rogozhin when they received instructions from the department. They were prepared to head out for Konkovo, but there was another headache: Ksenia suddenly became erratic and declared to Nina that from now on she wanted to charge a double fee for taking a second child, not half price for the second, like they had charged under Kirill in the past. She wanted to do this starting right here and now, with these people.“And what’s wrong with that? Why should I lose money on it? I kiss the asses of all the officials, and it makes no difference to the Spaniards. Think about it—it will be a few extra thousand. They’ve already made up their minds to adopt; they’ll open up their wallets like dears. They won’t even think about it. Here’s how it will be: they can pay as much for the second as they pay for the first. Especially for such wonderful girls. They’ll pay full price for both, or else I won’t do anything.”While Luis and Maria were getting acquainted with the sisters, having them sit in their laps in turn, giving them gifts of Kinder Surprise eggs, showing photographs of the house and the patio with the ominous strip of mountains in the background, Nina took almost no part in the joyful occasion. Even as she translated the medical documents, she was thinking about something else: How can I communicate to Luis and Maria the sudden change in terms? As luck would have it, Konkovo was one of the places Ksenia refused to go. She didn’t like being dragged out into the wild and bounced around off road, so Nina usually took the trip herself when the parents were having a look at the children, and in the evenings Ksenia was waiting at the Rogozhin hotel to take their advance. One way or the other, Luis and Maria needed to be well prepared before the meeting with Ksenia.“Would you just look, Nina,” Maria purred, cradling one of the Konkovo sisters in her lap. “The older one, Dasha, looks like Luis! He has a sobrina, a niece, who could have been poured from the same mold. Tell them, tell them quick: they will have a very beautiful room and lots of toys. Isn’t that right, Luis?”Her kindhearted face under curly bangs, like Angela Davis’s, beamed with happiness.“These little girls are simply a miracle,” agreed Luis, delighted.Sure, a miracle, Nina thought grimly. If you take a good look at the face of the younger one, you’ll notice something we in Russia call “drunken conception.” Take a good look at the older one as well.Nina was right: Dasha had an insolent, roguish face. Anichka, the younger one, was touching in her frailty, but Nina noticed she had a small head, a flat nose, and her eyes sloped downward and were almost devoid of expression.The Spaniards will take them. Ksenia’s words echoed in her mind. They’ll take them even with a double tariff.She relayed Ksenia’s news in the car, when they had already left the children’s home and were moving through the village, past dark little houses, past the water tower, past the ruins of a deserted church.The Spanish couple was glum about it.“We should have been informed,” Luis lamented, while his wife stared at Nina helplessly with her round, clear eyes.“You should have been, I agree with you.” Nina tried to sound supportive. “But you see, your lawyer Ksenia only found out about it this morning.”She deliberately emphasized your, not my.“It seems that in recent days there have been some changes, and she was suddenly informed about them in the department. The officials we have to deal with are simply a nightmare. You cannot imagine.” Nina spoke quickly, inventing the story on the fly. “If you go the standard route, everything is controlled by the state. With us it works differently, do you understand?”“Understood,” Luis nodded.“That’s excellent. I very much understand you as well. It’s unpleasant to find things out at the last minute. Something happened somewhere, and any change in our business leads to immediately higher prices. Like this. Please don’t be worried,” she added in a different tone.“Oh, we’re not worried,” Maria responded. “If it’s necessary, we’ll pay it. The important thing is that these are good children.”They’re good, nothing worth mentioning, Nina thought, remembering the little eyes of the older one.Gradually, she relaxed. It was very important to prepare the Spanish couple in advance of Ksenia’s appearance so that things didn’t erupt in a scandal. Now that the unpleasant conversation was behind them, everything else would go smoothly.But it soon became clear that her sense of calm was premature—as soon as they left the village and were back on the road to Rogozhin, Ksenia called again. The voice on the phone was not to Nina’s liking.“Hi there! How are you?” Ksenia addressed her in a way that was somehow too sugary.“We’re fine. We’re on our way to Rogozhin to meet with you. The Spaniards hardly even grumbled. Listen, I was thinking about this.” Nina lowered her voice. “Take the advance payment in the car. We can sit there in the car and have them pay us. In my opinion stopping by the hotel is just a waste of time. They’re not spending the night in Rogozhin again. They have reservations in Moscow, and all their suitcases are in the van.”“But you see, Ninochka.” Ksenia sounded confused. “You’ll be taking the money from them yourself. Please.”“What do you mean, myself?” Nina didn’t understand.“Just what I said. Tell them something came up and I had to rush back to Moscow. It’s the honest truth: I have urgent business that requires my attention. They can transfer the entire amount to me through you. Tell them I trust you completely. Be sure to count it all carefully,” added Ksenia after a short pause, and Nina realized she was behind the wheel. “Double-check all the bills. I’m pretty sure they’ll need to take money out of an ATM. Take them to a bank, and then pass the money on to me, agreed?”“Come on now, Ksenia.” Nina was indignant. “They’ll think I’m going to pocket the extra money myself. I already told them that the price just went up . . . They’ll think this was my idea. It’s too awkward and uncomfortable. I can’t do it.”“This is called working with the client, by the way,” Ksenia angrily said. “I’m asking you as a friend. What’s it worth to you?” she added more diplomatically.Nina didn’t know what to do. The request Ksenia made was impossible, but she didn’t feel like she could refuse. How did Ksenia get such an idea in her head in the first place?“Imagine,” Ksenia said, giggling to defuse the tension and appease Nina. “The girls’ birth certificates have the birth mother’s name listed as Aksana. Aksana instead of Oksana, did you hear me? A instead of O. Lyudmila Dmitrievna from the department told me. Can you imagine?”“All right,” Nina grumbled. “I’ll take the money.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The court date was set for a month and a half later, in March.After the court session, when the officials rustled all the papers and drifted out into the corridor, the director of the children’s home waved Nina over.“Are those your Spaniards?” she asked in a low voice.“What do you mean, my Spaniards?” Nina was suspicious.“I mean, are they your clients? You’re the one who translates for them?”“I am.”“Listen.” The director pulled Nina over to the corner and whispered in her ear. “Listen. Are you even aware of the mess they have on their hands?”“What are you talking about?” For some reason Nina had a horribly sad and unpleasant feeling.“They can’t handle them.”“Who? Who can’t they handle?” She still didn’t understand what was going on.“The little girls. Your Spaniards can’t handle our sisters, Dashenka and Anichka.”“Why do you think that?”Nina was tired. They had left Moscow at dawn, after court they waited for some time in Konkovo, and now she was anxious to take a bathroom break, drink a hot cappuccino with cinnamon in the snack bar across the street, and then take a nap in the car.“I can’t believe it,” the director said in surprise. “I did warn your . . . You know, what’s her name?”“Ksenia,” Nina prompted her.“Well, I did warn Ksenia. These girls are very difficult. The Spaniards will not be able to handle them.”“How exactly are they difficult?” Nina couldn’t wait to wrap up the conversation. She shifted from one foot to the other, afraid she might wet herself right there in the courtroom.“Their behavior is difficult, that’s what. You can’t even imagine . . .”“How can two adults not cope with a couple of small girls? Can you hang on just a minute?” Nina needed to get past the director and hurry to the toilet.“Ninochka . . . your name is Nina, right? You see, I remember. Here’s the thing, Ninochka. I’ll tell you this honestly: I have done this work for many years, but I have never seen children like these. You need to be there in Moscow to help your Spaniards, support them somehow. What exactly they will need, I don’t know.”“Certainly,” Nina reassured her, politely but firmly trying to disengage. “I will certainly help and support them. You don’t need to worry at all, okay?”And she ran to the toilet as fast as she could.Once she was outside, Nina felt a huge relief. It had been overcast that morning, but by dinner the sun had broken through, the air was crisp, and it smelled of spring. Rogozhin was transforming and glowing.After taking the rest of the money from Luis and stashing it in a folder in her backpack, Nina cursed the last bit of too-bright sun, which made her eyes water, and Ksenia hurried off on her important business. Nina and the Spanish couple drank their coffee quickly, and in an hour Vitya, making the farewell tour of Rogozhin, set out with them to the distant village of Konkovo. After their court appearance, the girls were to be taken to Moscow.The van flew through the old neighborhoods, which looked like they were built with a children’s construction set—little yellow buildings with two floors, the kind built after the war by German prisoners. Then through the villages, where the houses looked like ancient old ladies with blue eyes. The snow was already almost gone, but the ice, which had frozen in the night, hadn’t melted.They drove past the fields, which had lost their brightness and looked like an icy lake sparkling in the sun.“So, you do have spring here?” Maria laughed. “Not in March but in January. The sun did come out, but there’s ice all around. Last night we went to bed and everything felt like spring, but when we woke up in the morning it was winter out the window.”The road bounced cheerfully from one hill to the next, and the poplars jumped out to meet it.The girls were ready and waiting for them at the children’s home.They were brought out in identical jackets and trousers, yellow and blue, the colors of a nice, bright day. The sisters were beaming with happiness. This time, though, Nina had an even worse feeling about Dasha, the older sister: the downward sloping corners of her eyes, the desperate, direct stare—Nina had never seen such a thing in any other children. Criminal tendencies, she thought. They’ll be disappointed to lose the chance at such a specimen at the penal colony. However, this speculation didn’t stay in her mind for long: the girls were wrapped in their jackets, each at least two sizes larger than necessary, with flannel hats pulled down over their ears and their scarves tied.“Such dolls.” The nurse smiled as she had a look at the group. “What lucky little piglets!”Nina got up, too, and put on her coat.“It’s time,” she said to Luis and Maria. “Evening will be here soon, and we’ll be getting into Moscow pretty late.”“Oh yes,” Maria agreed. “We’re ready.”In the doorway Nina ran into Elena Ilinichna, the children’s home director.“Pleasant journey! May God grant you success and joy!” The director nodded vigorously as she waved good-bye to the Spanish parents with her short-fingered hands. In that moment it became quite clear why Ksenia had given her such a nice envelope of cash back in Rogozhin.“This is for you, Nina. Take it.” Elena Ilinichna handed Nina a piece of paper folded in half.“What’s this?” Unfolding the piece of paper, Nina saw two phone numbers scratched out in pen with its purple ink running out.“Phone numbers. The first is mine. The second belongs to Tanya, one of our nurses. This is the code for Konkovo. If you need us, call.”“Thank you, Elena Ilinichna.” Nina smiled and shoved the paper in her pocket. “I’ll call if I need you.”During the time that had passed since the court appearance, the sun had broken through, and the ground warmed up thoroughly. Winter had backed down in a single moment. The awning over the porch was dripping, making a light ringing noise. The air smelled of birch sap, and the open space beyond the children’s home fence was so vast and serene that Nina almost shed a tear.They all sat down in the Barguzin: Vitya driving, Nina in the front passenger seat, where she always sat when Ksenia wasn’t there, the Spanish couple and the girls in the back two rows of seats. Children were running out onto the porch, yelling something, and waving their hands. Vitya turned the key in the ignition. Nina kept her face in the window, smiling and waving back. It was only the toothless boy with scars on his head who didn’t appear at that time for some reason. He didn’t run out on the porch, didn’t chase the car as it drove away, and didn’t holler after Nina with his hooligan voice.“Well, Godspeed to us,” Vitya said.He always said this when they were forging into the wild, and when it was time to come back. This was no joke: evening was looming, and many kilometers lay ahead of them on the way back.Everything’s going well, thought Nina, unbuttoning her coat and getting comfortable. The sisters are attached to their parents, the Spanish people are happy, the money has been earned, and now we are heading for home.Even the fatigue of the day felt pleasant. Fatigue offered her a choice: she could sleep, lying back in her seat and drifting off, sensing the reliability and concentration of Vitya at arm’s length, or she could just sit quietly and enjoy the cozy capsule of the van, the way you would a space lit in blue, in which, as the evening deepens, purple and gray tones begin to emerge.A big full moon rose over the fields like a hot-air balloon. Then the moon rose higher and compressed into the size of a child’s fist. And all the events of that day, especially the blissful afternoon half of it—with the fields like frozen lakes; the furious sun melting the sidewalks; the kindhearted, beaming round face of the director, Elena Ilinichna; the vague anxiety for the boy with the scars; the glowing droplets falling from the roof; the slope-eyed faces of the girls—all of it merged in a delicate, sonorous chord that seemed to be trying to awaken Nina from her incomprehensible dream.Day had already given way to night, the crazy bright lights in the forest had all gone out, the moon took its usual course and rose high above the forest, the fields were left behind, all around things were darkened by the trunks of trees, and Nina wondered about that chord, such a deep, gentle sound that was trying to wake her from her delusions.Vitya turned on the radio, and music started playing.Suddenly Nina discerned a strange noise. It ran counter to her thoughtful mood—quiet, muffled sounds of struggle and protesting whispers, at first restrained, with persuasive intonations, then increasingly loud and frightened.And then there was a shriek. This was not the scream of a frightened child or one overcome with delight: the sounds coming from the darkened backseat were from animals, monkeys. Nina turned around and was utterly speechless: the slope-eyed little girls had cast off their caps and coats and were furiously flailing their fists at Luis and Maria.“What is going on back here?” Nina asked sternly. “Come, get in your seats!”But the sisters weren’t affected by the angry intonations in her voice. They paid no attention to Nina. Luis shrugged and smiled apologetically, pushing away the tenacious little hands and trying to turn everything into a joke, but Maria had ceased making eye contact, her kindhearted mouth now twisted in horror.“Nina,” she moaned, “what is this? Tell them something to make them stop.”Vitya pulled over to the curb and stopped the car. Nina jumped out onto the already-dry asphalt, opened the door to the backseat, and climbed in with them.“Quiet down right now!” she snapped, imitating the caretaker at the children’s home.But the sisters wouldn’t stop shrieking and even turned on Nina. At that point she grabbed the older girl, gave her a shake, and sat her by the window, then did the same with the younger. The unexpectedness of it silenced the children. Not knowing what else to do to help Luis and Maria, Nina returned to her seat next to Vitya.“Our little damsels have come unhinged,” she murmured.“I heard.” Vitya grinned. “Well, it’s no big deal. When we get out on the highway to Moscow they’ll calm down.”The sisters did not in fact calm down: a few minutes later there was a shriek of tremendous intensity. It was dark in the car, the backseat lit only by the headlights of oncoming cars. Nina turned her head around and peered carefully into the sinister twilight in the back: Luis was panting like he was dragging something very heavy, beads of sweat on his pale brow, and Maria was screwing up her eyes and hunching her shoulders, trying to protect her eyes from the girls’ sharp claws.Nina wanted to pinch her ears shut to not have to hear the beast-like wheezing and fussing in the backseat. She had to try not to intervene.Sounds of fighting, deep groans, and the carnivorous yelps of the children didn’t abate until Moscow. Luis and Maria got out of the van looking mauled, their faces ashen. Once outside, Maria folded her coat over, and Nina noticed in horror that it didn’t have all of its buttons.“Nina,” Maria said in a trembling voice, “what is going on? Nobody warned us about this. Are you really telling me that nobody in the children’s home knew about this? What if we can’t handle them? I mean, if that had continued for much longer, then I . . . I . . .” She could no longer contain herself, and clear rivulets flooded over her cheeks.“We can handle them,” Luis said, nodding vigorously, as though to reassure himself. “We can certainly handle them!”He slapped his wife on the shoulder. His full, clean-shaven chin was darkened with deep scratches and dried drops of blood.“We need something to dress Luis’s wounds,” Nina said. “I’ll buy some calendula.” She thought feverishly, the steps of the Ukraine Hotel rising behind them. Unfortunately, the pharmacy kiosk on the ground floor was already closed at this late hour.“Here, take this,” she said, and Maria turned to her. She tore a sheet from a notebook and quickly scratched out a few words with a ballpoint pen. “This is the name of a medicine in Russian letters. Go down to the kiosk in the morning and show the clerk, and they’ll give you a vial and some cotton. Wet the cotton with the solution from the vial and smear it on Luis’s scratches. Do you understand?”“I understand,” Maria said, sobbing. She gave the impression that she didn’t understand anything.Tomorrow, Nina decided. Tomorrow I must call and remind her.It was at the Ukraine Hotel that Nina chose her eternal path.She wandered through the darkened, crusty snow, wondering why the popular hotel was so far from the metro and where the burning smell was coming from that was stinging her nostrils.There’s probably a fire somewhere, she thought, going down into Kiyevskaya Station.A garbage can was burning on the other side of the street. Shining white smoke rose high into a sky studded with stars.It was freezing. Right by the metro Nina slipped and plopped down painfully on the sidewalk.“Damn this winter,” she whispered. “Why is it dragging on so long? It’s almost April! God, what am I doing?” Nina screamed in a loud voice as she got up from the icy asphalt sidewalk.Brakes howled near the Kiyevskaya trolley stop, drowning out her scream. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] At home Nina cleaned out her backpack and tucked a wad of green hundreds in the stash. She categorically rejected her mother’s pasta, locked herself in her room, and went to bed. She was out in an instant, into a black hole of sleep.She woke up in the middle of the night, as though someone had shaken her shoulders.What woke me up? She went over it anxiously in her mind, peering into the grimness of the room. Something frightful, unfathomable . . .Those children! The words pounded in her brain. Those sisters tortured the nice Spanish people! As soon as it was morning, she would call Elena Ilinichna and Tanya the nurse. Why didn’t she do this earlier? Why hadn’t she grilled Elena Ilinichna about it when she had approached her in the courtroom?“God, what have I done?” Nina whispered, sticking her bare feet in her slippers and making her way out into the hall. She groped around to find her coat on its hook, and stuck her hand in both pockets. She didn’t feel the piece of paper with the phone numbers on it. It wasn’t in any of the other places she looked—her backpack, her purse, or her jeans pockets. Then Nina got into the hiding place, took out the euros she’d hidden from the day before, and laid them on the table. The piece of paper with the phone numbers wasn’t with them. It had disappeared without a trace.“Where on earth are you?” Nina called to it. “Where, where, where . . .”The car! In the car with Vitya! She left the piece of paper in the console by the windshield, with the map of the Rogozhin region, a calendar, business cards of some of the Spanish clients, and some useless pieces of scrap paper.Nina didn’t try to sleep again before morning. At nine she called Vitya. Vitya went down to the car and got the piece of paper—fortunately it really was there in the console—and he texted her both phone numbers.The director didn’t answer, but nurse Tanya picked up the phone at once.“Oh yes,” she said. “I remember you. Your name is Nina. Elena Ilinichna and I had a feeling you would be calling.”“I don’t even know what to tell you,” she said hesitantly after listening to Nina’s jumbled story. “Those girls are difficult. They don’t have a diagnosis, but that doesn’t mean anything. They don’t like to label ours with fetal alcohol syndrome, you understand. But that’s not what it is anyway. Fetal alcohol syndrome families have many children. And many develop normally. Dasha and Anya, this is in their nature. There’s nothing you can do. It was hard for us to handle them as well.”“How can this be?” Nina asked, her voice faltering.“I don’t know how it can be.”“What if somebody gets really stern with them?”“Useless.”“And if they get hit?” Nina said very quietly. “If they’re physically punished?”“No way,” Tanya answered. “Beating children like these will further antagonize them. Getting hit is perceived as a special kind of attention.”Nina sighed.“I’ve been working in a children’s home for ten years, and I’ve seen it all. And we’ve had children like this before. Nothing good ever comes of them as a general rule. They don’t grow out of it. After the children’s home they don’t go far. They live among us in Konkovo or in neighboring villages. Just a few years pass before their own children are being sent to us; they get started having babies very early. It’s hereditary, genetic. I’m afraid Anya and Dasha will be the same in the future, just like their parents. I don’t mean like their nice Spanish parents, I mean like their birth mother and father,” she added. “They live here in the village.”“Maybe there’s some kind of medicine? Something calming?” Nina asked hopefully.“You could try valerian. But it’s unlikely to help. It’s too weak a tool.”“What about something stronger? Phenazepam?”“You can’t. There’s no telling how these children would react to strong drugs. A normal person feels more calm with Phenazepam. It helps them sleep, but these two . . . Don’t give them anything. It’s too risky.”“But there are other drugs . . .”“I think the only ones that would slow them down are very serious—chlorpromazine or haloperidol. But they need a prescription for those. You can’t just get them over the counter.”“Please give me some advice. We can’t just let fate have these people.”“Feed them less, Dasha and Anya. That is pretty much the only advice I can give you. Nothing sweet. Candy, cookies—hide them. No sugar in anything, for any reason—including yogurt, even. Sugar gives them energy, and after sweets they become more active. You might also stop giving them meat. In general, give them as little food as possible. Let them live in hunger. At least at first, and then the parents can decide for themselves.“Okay, I’ll do it,” Nina promised. “Definitely.”“I hope it will help. But if not, there’s nothing you can do. We warned you about this,” the nurse added reproachfully.“Yes, yes, of course you warned us,” Nina muttered as she hung up.That wench! Nina thought suddenly, not knowing who she had in mind exactly, Ksenia or the older girl, Dasha.At ten o’clock sharp Nina called the Ukraine Hotel. It wasn’t a good idea to call before—better to let Luis and Maria relax and get enough sleep. The day before had been a rough day, plus there was the time difference from Spain.It rang a number of times before anyone answered. Luis picked up, and his voice sounded far less vigorous to Nina than it had before.“Hi, Nina.”“Hi. How are the girls?”“Not great, to be honest.” Luis hesitated. “They slept for two hours—from six to eight in the morning.”“And you?”“We didn’t even lie down. We spent the whole night trying to calm them down. How can you fall asleep after that?”“Did you have breakfast?”“A while ago. Downstairs in the restaurant.”“What did you give them for breakfast?”“Yogurt, pancakes, sandwiches, candy, cookies. We had to stop them, otherwise they would have burst. Amazing appetites,” Luis said wearily, and Nina thought she could hear a wry smile in his voice.“How’s Maria?”“Ninochka, here’s what I wanted to ask you . . . Would you come over here? I do understand how busy you are. But we’ve run out of strength.”“Of course I’ll come.”An hour later Nina was in the Ukraine Hotel. This time the walk from the metro didn’t seem so hopelessly long—in the sunlight everything looked a little more cheerful. Wow, that’s some old beauty, Nina thought, admiring the Stalin-era lock on the door of the hotel room.The suite where Luis, Maria, and their daughters were staying was on the sixth floor. There was a living room and bedroom with pretenses of luxury in the Soviet sense: ceiling moldings and crystal chandeliers, tall doors with brass knobs, massive, old-fashioned furniture. Nina took an interest in everything around her; this was the first time she had ever been in the Ukraine Hotel. Rumors went around Moscow that the hotel would soon close for renovation, and after the renovation—Nina knew for sure—the Ukraine Hotel would be totally transformed. When she entered, the girls were jumping on the bed like they were wind-up toys—one going up as the other went down—with thoughtless, feverishly bright eyes and hair matted with sweat. “They’ve been like this the whole time,” Luis explained to her, nodding at his daughters.During the night he had turned pale and haggard, wilted somehow. It was as though he hadn’t spent the night in a hotel room, but in a cage with wild creatures. Maria was lying on the couch in the living room. She barely greeted Nina. One of her eyes was red and swollen, and she pressed a wet towel against it.The whole room—carpeted floors, sofa, armchair, television, everything—was strewn with feathers from the burst pillows. The curtains were torn from their mountings. The walls were smeared with lipstick. Things were pulled from the suitcases and scattered across the floor. Magazines were torn. The floor lamp was overturned and broken. The gift dolls were dismembered: heads pulled off, arms and legs pulled from torsos.The sisters flatly refused to go outside, and when Luis and Maria tried to get them dressed they scratched and bit.“Maria’s phone,” Luis bemoaned. “Dasha drowned it in the toilet.”Nina was surprised. “Why didn’t you take it from her?”“It happened in an instant.” The man spread his hands guiltily. “I just didn’t have a chance.”“Nina.” Maria stirred weakly on the couch. “You understand these things. This whole time the girls had their clothes off—they were completely naked—and they were spreading their legs and showing their genitals. They made immodest gestures. Where does that come from? Who taught them this?”“I don’t know.” Nina was confused. “The children’s home didn’t say anything about it.”“Maybe in their group of children they played like this? After all, they’re quite little. They can’t understand what it means.”“Yes, yes,” Nina responded absently. “Of course they don’t understand.”At that moment her phone burst out with its life-affirming trill. Need to change the ringtone, Nina thought angrily.“Hi, there.” It sounded to Nina like contrived tenderness, that singsong voice of Ksenia’s. “How are you?”“Disgusting,” Nina snapped. “I’m with the Spanish couple.”“What’s up?” Ksenia seemed surprised.“They are completely wrecked by these bratty little girls. These aren’t children, they’re demons. It’s impossible for them to settle down, and they don’t understand language. They destroyed the pillows and smeared makeup all over the place. I would never have imagined what they could do to this room. And what about the airplane? Imagine how scary that will be! To get to Madrid it’s more than four hours.”“Well,” Ksenia mused aloud. “Basically, here’s what you need to do: take them to the consulate very quickly and then get them on the plane. The rest of it doesn’t concern us.”“How could it not concern me? These are living people! These girls are mentally ill. They need to be medicated with haloperidol, not sent off to Spain. I already called the children’s home.”“Yes? And what did they tell you?” Ksenia asked quickly.“That you were told about this. That the girls can only be subdued with powerful drugs.”“It’s like this.” There were severe tones in Ksenia’s voice. “Nobody’s going to give them haloperidol right now. The staff at the children’s home loves to exaggerate, especially Elena Ilinichna. I’ve known this for a long time.” She paused. “You and I are working here, not doing charity. Our task is to unite the parents with the children, and the rest is simply none of our business.”“What do you mean, none of our business? The children should be normal, should they not?”“But they are normal. The most important thing is that we get them on their way back to Spain as soon as possible. The flight, the change of scenery, it’s a very strong shock. A week later the girls will be like silk.”“They were almost crying,” Nina objected.“Who?”“The Spanish couple. They’re simply devastated.”“It’s nothing . . . I mean, the adjustment part is often very difficult. Believe me.” Ksenia added more gently, “I’ve been in this business longer than a year, and it makes my head spin. Anything can happen. Some of them adapt to each other quickly, others take a little longer. But it’s no big deal, don’t worry.”“So you’ve had similar cases?”“I have, Nina. Honestly, I have. Not just like this, though, even worse. Tell the parents that children’s home kids often behave that way. Everything will work itself out after a while. They need patience. And time.”Nina felt some relief. Everything will be fine. It was just that I’ve had so little experience, that’s what Ksenia said. Ksenia has seen many children from there, and I believe her.Nina helped Maria gather all the new things that were scattered around—children’s clothes, shoes, towels inked up by ballpoint pens, toys, torn books, foil from Kinder Surprise eggs. She cleaned up somebody’s vomit in the corner. She got the sisters dressed and tidied, soaping their lipstick-stained faces. She translated into Spanish everything that the children’s home had explained to her about food.Then they went down to the restaurant where Dasha and Anya were to have lunch—this time Nina ordered for them herself. She tore a piece of paper out of a notebook and wrote down how they should be fed.“It’s a good thing you told us about sugar when you did, Nina. Thank you very much.” Maria was grateful when they were saying their good-byes. “Now I know: no candy, no sweets. We thought just the opposite . . .”In the remaining two days the sisters behaved quite decently. They were put on a starvation diet, a regime strictly controlled by Nina. Dasha and Anya had a sandwich for breakfast, a bowl of soup for lunch, and mashed potatoes and a piece of bread for dinner. To everyone’s surprise, they did not protest. They humbly ate their meager rations, wiped their mouths with their napkins, and said thank you. In the evening of the first day they were given sketchbooks and pencils, and they drew into the night. It was unusual the way they did this, too—drawing nonstop all evening until the paper ran out and the colored pencils were all worn down.The next day they went out for walks: a few hours after lunch, and then before dinner. Late in the evening the bleary-eyed sisters got dressed in their lace nightgowns, lay down in the bed, and went to sleep for many hours.Two days later they flew back to Spain.Nina called Luis and Maria a month later.“It’s been difficult,” Maria admitted with a sigh, “but tolerable. They’re very active girls, that’s for sure. But we’re slowly getting used to each other, them to us and us to them. It gets easier every day.”The report came six months later. The sisters were holding hands in the photographs—silent, matured. They had really shot up as well. The satanic gleam in Dasha’s eyes had gone out. The girls were wearing long flamenco dresses and colorful shawls—Nina thought it must be some kind of local holiday.The next time Nina called was more than a year later. A child’s little voice chirped cheerfully in Spanish that Mama was in the garden and Papa went to work. They would be back in an hour, maybe call back then.Nina decided it was better not to call back. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Oh, how many times over the last few months had Nina recalled Dina’s ominous words: “Any work leaves a mark on you, but this work disfigures you.” Oh, how many times had she thought about that conversation with Dina so very long ago.She couldn’t say when exactly it was that she first felt the change in herself.It probably happened one particular morning when she woke up with a feeling of absolute happiness, lightness, and freedom. The room was full of sun, which reflected off thousands of flighty dust particles, and Nina felt that fear was no more and never would be again, that she, too, had become a particle in this radiance, one of these flecks floating in the air. As she lay in bed, she listened to the Sunday morning quiet in the mellow Moscow spring. She, Nina, who had been so afraid of being late, forgetting something, or disappointing those who pinned their hopes on her for everything her whole life, jokingly calling these persistent tendencies “lab assistant syndrome,” suddenly felt like a deity. Overnight she had become the long-legged blond goddess of her own life. As she slowly recognized the change, it seemed to her that there were prickly bubbles of air running with the blood in her arteries. Nina realized that she definitely needed to do something out of the ordinary, something she wouldn’t have dared do the day before.She got up, padded over to her desk barefoot, and turned on the computer, her face catching a strip of sunlight. She got on the Internet, opened up a website with listings of cars for sale, and jotted down the name and phone number from the ad for a silver Toyota SUV that drove “like a dream.” This car had an indescribable, alien beauty. Nina admired the image, then called the number listed in the ad. The male voice on the other end was sleepy, but the man immediately perked up when he realized what the call was about.Nina asked several questions and agreed to meet him.And within an hour she was parked outside her building in a silver car. A neighbor passing through the courtyard looked at her with wide eyes. Nina sat in the driver’s seat, put her hands on the wheel, and realized: I am this, this is me, this is mine. The SUV suited her like an outfit perfectly tailored to her figure.It’s now or never, Nina had decided. She’d adopted Ksenia’s firm rules: Take things you need effortlessly, when you’re in the right mood; Don’t make plans; and Don’t take on any long-term debt.And so it came to pass: the owner of the Toyota, a tall guy in a tracksuit, took Nina to a Sunday notary. It wasn’t far, just off one of the central streets, but for fifteen minutes she got a chance to experience a true delight, the way space was so easily overcome by the weightless body of this car. They signed the transfer of title, then made the exchange—Nina gave the guy the money, green and pink twenties gathered in stacks of nine bills with a tenth folded over each stack. It was a quarter of Nina’s secret stash. The guy gave Nina the car keys and documents.In the evening Nina took her mother for a ride around the city. Zoya Alexievna messed around with the seatbelt for a while, emitted middle-aged-lady exclamations, peeked shyly out the window, and admired the familiar streets, which were half-empty on a lovely Sunday evening and seemed unfamiliar from a new car. She gently stroked the light-colored seat upholstery with her fingertips as though it was the soft skin of a living being. She simply could not believe that this noiseless silver creation actually belonged to her daughter, and that Nina steered it so nonchalantly and fearlessly, even passing other cars.They dined at the chocolate shop, and once again her mother behaved like a child. It turned out she had never in her life been to a restaurant. Not like this, never! To be fair, she had of course gone to restaurants at congresses and conferences, and for anniversaries. But just to casually have dinner, at leisure and for no particular reason—not even once. Sitting around them were types she despised with all her heart: uptight managers, plastic secretaries, overly talkative office workers. And among them, intermingling with them, Nina and her mother—who was quiet and sort of scared—sat at a table by the window and ate blini and salads and drank cocktails. The newly bought car was waiting for them just outside the restaurant door—Nina had driven the front wheels onto the sidewalk by the entrance. She felt like all of this was simply impossible, because such a thing could never happen, at least not to her. She saw herself when she was little, saw a typewriter and a dusty armchair lamp, and her mother was there beneath the lamp uttering her banal truths, platitudes which invariably found fresh content and new life upon her lips, because for Zoya Alexievna they were life’s sole worth and absolute imperative. Her mother’s words always carried the implication that nothing in the world had a price—not money, not fame, not success—because what was really important was something quite different, difficult to pinpoint, something Nina fathomed one time during a period in which she was reading Russian classics and sitting for days in the library. She couldn’t remember her epiphany at all now.She just couldn’t. And why should she? Everything was lighthearted and fun to her that day, she was indeed the easygoing, long-legged goddess of her own life, capable of achieving much more than all of these tightly wound men at the next table, who sat in their musty offices full time from nine to six every day.They returned the long way, making a leisurely, ceremonial circle around the city center.Nina pressed on the gas, bravely getting up to eighty in the left lane, and Moscow opened up on all sides of the car like a huge, festive fan. She drove out onto the bridge. The Kremlin stars were hanging in the air on the right, and on the left stood that gloomy Vatican where Vostokova lived. Too bad she can’t see me now, thought Nina.She felt something like this during her first year in Barcelona. On weekends the Russian students were invited to a small town in the Pyrenees, where some of the instructors had summer homes. Nina rode in someone else’s car through the mountains, through the fog and clouds resting just above the land, and for some reason she had the thought: It’s too bad my mother can’t see this.But now Zoya Alexievna was sitting next to Nina in the front seat, taking a thoughtful look at the Alexander Garden, and Nina was quite sure that for the first time in many years, perhaps since that distant June when she passed the entrance exams and enrolled in one of the university’s most prestigious departments staffed with the best professors, her mother was proud. Proud despite their differing beliefs and her troubling experiences with the strange and foreign adventure that was Nina’s life.That lucky Sunday was only the beginning of the changes. Nina began to notice more and more signs.I wonder, she mused, examining herself in the mirror. What effect does my profession have on me, exactly? Maybe the imprint is already there and I don’t notice it? No, I think everything is in order, she told herself, smoothing her hair and moving away from the mirror.But then suddenly she caught glimpses of herself—this was already away from the mirror—in the tinted windows of parked cars along the street, in the glass cases in a store, against the mirrorlike background of a tunnel in the metro, the kind of mirroring objects that offer such a merciless reflection of everyone’s lives, in which Nina found it almost impossible not to catch a look at herself out of the corner of her eye. She saw before her a barely familiar, businesslike young woman with nervous lines around her mouth and a tenacious glare, and for a moment she couldn’t believe this person in front of her was actually her.One time, when the car was stopped at a traffic light, Nina straightened up in her seat to adjust her cloak and caught a quick glimpse of herself in the mirror, in which she was a woman hastily studying her own face.Is that really me? Nina was amazed.It was a Hitchcock blonde who looked at her from the narrow mirrored rectangle—not the scam artist from Vertigo, who was more of a gullible detective type, but instead an unhappy Marion from the movie Psycho, when she was fleeing the city with forty thousand stolen dollars in her purse. Nina didn’t have forty thousand on her, just three thousand, and it wasn’t dollars but euros. She wasn’t stealing this money but rather giving it to Ksenia, who also didn’t steal anything. The Spanish people had handed it over peacefully, but the rest was exactly the same as Marion: blond hair, pale face, fearful eyes looking at the beams of the headlights across the stretch of roadway.“No,” Nina whispered. “That’s not me. That’s someone else.”And yet it really was her, the new Nina.Later she managed to catch an expression of tension, fear, and a sort of persecuted thievery, like some kind of a mischievous cat, which she hadn’t noticed on her face before.One time in the early autumn of that turbulent year, the year of momentous changes, Nina saw an unusual girl in Sheremetyevo Airport. She was sitting in a chair and most likely waiting for her plane to board and leave for New Delhi. She was sleeping as she waited for the plane, resting her head against the back of the chair. Her face seemed almost black against the background of the pale pink morning window. Nina couldn’t determine how old she was, but by her appearance she looked quite young and somehow very modern and fashionable. She was dressed in an “ethnic” style: a colorful floor-length tunic, linen slacks, light sandals on her bare feet. Her thick hair was in a long braid. But what struck Nina was not her hair, sandals, or tunic; what she found so striking was this girl’s face and hands. Her face and hands had some kind of writing in a cryptic language, probably Sanskrit. This girl was obviously a student from India or Sri Lanka, and her skin was covered with words from prayer and sacred texts in henna, which was traditionally applied with a fine brush, then finished with water or a special solution. But it all had a look about it as if she was brimming with some mysterious letter, one that had accumulated so many words they were bleeding through her skin.Nina would later remember that girl in the airport many times.The tales that had been for some time now inhabiting her memory—the images of Rogozhin, changing depending on the time of year, which she had memorized and knew any time of day, in any weather and on any day of the week, as if it wasn’t some unusual place but her own hometown, the dying villages she and Vitya swept through in the Barguzin, smooth and white as sweet ice cream, and the sour smell of the money in the bookshelf stash that chased her down everywhere—were crowding out the old Nina more and more every day.“Why is this stuff all I can think about?” she lamented when Dina called her from New York.Since that day Dina had opened up about the meticulously concealed secret of her marriage, the shadow that had emerged after Dina’s enigmatic disappearance was lifted. Now they kept in touch on a regular basis.“How do I get rid of all these stories? I feel slowed down by them, like a computer with too many files.”“You could do an upgrade,” Dina suggested.“Cut the frontal lobes?”“Of course not. Just learn to be distracted. To forget about everything. Forget about all of it. Concede, go to work eight hours a day, nine to six with a lunch break, like all normal people. And then you rest. You get to keep evening, night, and morning for yourself. It’s enough.”“That doesn’t work. Getting rest doesn’t work. I can’t zone out for a minute. I try to think about something else all the time, or the opposite, to just relax and not think, but it overwhelms me, it displaces my thoughts. It feels like I’m poisoned by it. I dream about Rogozhin at night. When I have nightmares, I wake up and start thinking again.”“Then write a book,” Dina advised once. “You’re capable.”“A book? About what?”“About everything you’ve seen. About the children, the adults, the villages, the provincial officials. You need to write about Ksenia. Honest words. She’s an extremely engaging character.”“It won’t work,” Nina said upon reflection.“Why not?”“Because nobody would believe it, and nobody would find it interesting. You understand, I’ve seen many things you wouldn’t believe are possible. It’s like painting and photography. For example, when some person is photographed at some unusual angle so that the legs are short in the shot, it might look like there’s an extra elbow. But nobody worries about it, because it’s just a photo, so it’s excusable. But if this protruding elbow or short leg is drawn by hand, you would notice immediately because it’s a drawing, not a photograph. The drawing will not forgive that which the photograph will. You see what I’m talking about, right?”“Not quite.”“Well, look. Remember how I told you about the children’s home in Rogozhin, where Ksenia and I go all the time? With Ada Mitrofanovna, the doctor Stepanich, and the director, who doesn’t do anything but rake in the money.”“I remember some of it.”“There’s a terrible stink no matter what—urine, burning milk, unwashed children. The first time I could hardly stand it, the stench, it was just so bleak and sour. Eventually, it was no big deal; I got used to it. There was this one time in the autumn when a baby died there, a little girl. She got her head stuck in the broken bars of the bed during the night, and she couldn’t get it out. Just imagine, a little baby, less than a year old, and the bed was broken, and nobody gave a damn about it. The girl was screaming all night, but nobody came to her. Nobody pulled her out of those infernal bars that were compressing her head like a vise, and eventually she died. Something happened to her head, or she was strangled. Remember? I told you about this.“Then there was Stepanich, the head doctor at that same children’s home He died quite recently, a month ago. Stepanich was generally a good doctor. He knew his work. He was just a heavy drinker. And one time he was sitting at home alone—or rather, not quite alone but with his dogs, who he loved. His son was off somewhere in another city at the time. Stepanich picked these dogs up off the street, saving them from starvation. And suddenly things got bad for Stepanich. Maybe he drank tainted vodka, or his heart gave out. Basically he died alone in his empty apartment. Just fell down, stretched out on the floor. A day passed, then another. A few days passed. So the dogs ate Stepanich. From hunger, get it? The dogs he loved so much, that he rescued. They were starving, and there wasn’t any food in the house, so they ate their master. What could be the reason for such a thing? Did God send him the punishment he deserved? I’ll never believe it. He was a decent person, and the fact that children were getting neglected wasn’t entirely his fault. The same thing had already happened there under Ada’s watch. He took the money, this is true, but nobody passes up money these days. It was just an unfortunate accident. This is what would be impossible to believe, and yet it did indeed happen, because life was always richer and more inventive than any fiction. But the reader will say the author made it up. The truth often seems like fiction.“Here’s another story. A family was adopting a boy, seven years old. He was such a sweet boy, only very thin, with dark crust instead of teeth. Before that he’d lived with his parents in a dilapidated old house. There was garbage and foul rags everywhere. The documents said they were keeping the stove burning so much these people were turning black.”“How is that possible?” Dina was surprised. “That really happens in this day and age?”“It still happens. There’s an old house. Something goes awry, the pipe gets clogged, and that’s it: everything turns black if it’s winter. And the boy, his name was Vanya, his parents forced him to hunt cats. Told him to catch a cat and they’d let it go home at night, only they never let it go home. They killed the cats and ate them.”“Horror.”“Exactly. Horror. And then Vanya’s father killed the neighbor, stabbed him in a fight. He didn’t know what to do with the body, so he cut it into pieces and buried it in the garden among the beds. But that’s not all: He didn’t bury the head. He wrapped it in a plastic bag and put it in the refrigerator.”“God! What for?”“How should I know? Maybe to intimidate future enemies, or out of pure hatred. Or maybe it was a function of the guilty feeling that makes a killer return to the scene of the crime. The head was in the refrigerator for many months, right among the pots and the food. Vanya knew about all of it—about the neighbor and about the head. He was afraid to go inside the house, so he lived under the porch. Then some kind soul complained about Vanya’s parents, said they were mistreating him. An official from guardianship showed up and took him to the rehabilitation center. Before she took him, she looked in the refrigerator and almost passed out when she saw the head.”“Then what?”“Then the police showed up and dug up the pieces of the neighbor in the garden. It was clear where they were buried—the beds were stomped down in those spots. When Vanya was brought in, he was in the beginning stages of starvation and was chronically exhausted, weighing only ten kilograms at age six. And then a single woman from Catalonia adopted him. Now he lives in Tarragona by the very blue sea. They have great sandy beaches there.”“I never heard anything like that.”“I heard it, and now I can’t forget. Or here’s another story, about a different one. Vitya and I took some Spanish people to Konkovo. It was twenty below, with a storm that spanned from the ground to the sky. There was so much drifting snow that you couldn’t distinguish the road from the flat white fields beside it. Vitya was afraid he would miss the turn, and he really did miss it, drove right past it, and realized only later after we’d gone much too far. We had to backtrack for a long time, even though we’d been that way so many times to get to Konkovo. We knew the way by heart—I can still remember the turn—but still we strayed off course. How that storm was howling! It had a drawling human voice. But we finally found our way to the settlement in that terrible snowstorm—you cannot even imagine such heavy snow. You can’t see anything through it. The nearest tree isn’t visible, and the sky isn’t, either. There’s only white in all directions, and up and down, and the dense, opaque twilight. Never in my life have I seen such a snowstorm, never even imagined such a thing. I’ve only read about it in Pushkin. I felt like this was a bad omen, like we were going to get buried, or we’d veer off the road and get stuck in a snowdrift, or something would happen to the engine and it would die, and at minus twenty we would easily freeze to death.“Vitya also seemed to feel something like fear. I could see in his face that he was not himself. And finally we got to Konkovo, rolled up to the children’s home, and got out into this blur, into the whirling snow, into the cold. We went inside, and they told us that the director, Elena Ilinichna, wasn’t there and wouldn’t be; she went home because her husband had just died. He had touched some battery, and the shock killed him. In one second—death. And there I was thinking about this death that might come from getting lost in the blizzard, but in the end it found its prey. That’s what happened. But tell me something: How would I prove all this actually happened? Maybe I could invent some special authentication mark and put it on every page?”“What do you need a mark for? Write it at the beginning: This actually happened. They all do that.”“They all do it. And of course the reader believes it. But that isn’t the biggest problem. There are other complications. You see, there isn’t anything special in these stories—no morals, no pathos. There’s no draw to these stories, and you say that will make a book. There was a time when all of this really shocked me.“Here’s one more thing that happened not that long ago. I translated some paperwork for the consulate—documents for some children who were taken off to Spain. One of them was a five-year-old boy. And just imagine, I had on the table in front of me four death certificates: father, mother, grandmother, and grandfather. The whole family died almost the same day.”“Did something make them sick?”“I wondered about this, too, so I asked about it. Supposedly they drank tainted vodka. Or maybe it wasn’t vodka but some other junk they got into. One time in a village near Rogozhin they were drinking glass cleaner. Sometimes you tell the Spanish people about the kid: there is no father, the mother died a year ago. And they’re, like, ‘What did she die from, what was the cause?’ In this case Ada Mitrofanovna just threw up her hands and said there was no indication anywhere. They used to write something about it on the death certificate, what they died from, and everything was pretty clear, but now they don’t write anything. They stopped recording this information for no particular reason, of course, but the timing is curious. But at the same time, I knew what happened: the mother drank one glass too many and died. I knew this, but I kept quiet so as not to scare them.“Or here’s another one . . . Damn, as you can see, I can’t stop. A couple of weeks ago this lonely older woman came to Rogozhin from Valencia to adopt. And in Rogozhin it turned out that the boy, her future son, was black. His mama was Russian, and his papa, you see, was from Africa.”“Shocker! How did the lady take it?”“She was baffled at first. She came to Russia specifically for a Russian child. At first she even wanted a girl, but they stuck her with a boy, and then it turned out he was black. A Russian black kid from the Rogozhin province.”“Well, did she take him?”“She took him. Out of pity, probably. And she was right to do so: the child was completely healthy, intelligent, and attractive.”“So take it and write about it. About the black kid from the village, about hunting cats, about all this you’ve been telling me. Nobody else knows about this or can write about it—you’re the only one.”“If I were to write a book I would call it Fish Speak Spanish Silently. That’s the slogan for the Cervantes Institute,” added Nina. “See, there’s a title for it, but there is no book.”“So here’s what I say: get it done. Classic name, by the way. As catchy as The Silence of the Lambs.”“You really think somebody would be interested in knowing how Stepanich died? How Vitya and I got stuck in a snowstorm? About the four death certificates? It won’t work to write about this stuff. There’s nothing bright, nothing instructive. Nothing to hold on to. It’s just dregs—casual fragments, odds and ends. There’s no big picture and there never can be. That’s what’s so sad about it. I’ve thought about this . . .“And yet”—Nina kept going—“writing a book makes sense, for the most part. But as far as these stories are concerned, well, how are they important?”“What do you mean by important? What do you have in mind?”“It would have to be something connected with me personally. It would have the perspective of my own life. Like my mama going north: those details have long since come together to form a story, a unified whole, and will most likely be stored for eternity in a single file. The North helped my mother understand something very important about herself.”“So maybe Rogozhin is somehow helping you?”“To me it’s only a hindrance. It clutters my life. One fine day I stopped and looked around, and there was nothing else left but Rogozhin. Everything I considered important had vanished into thin air. It ceased to be interesting to me, and the only things left are these stories. They are my life.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina couldn’t imagine a book about Rogozhin. Why would I write about a severed head? Or about the hungry dogs that ate their master? About raped children? Who would want to read it? To Nina it just didn’t seem worthwhile. She was ready to forget all of it—to evict this heavy, worthless garbage from her head.Yes, Dina was right: Nina had always dreamed of writing a book and was capable of writing one, and it would be a wonderful book. But her book would be about something quite different—not about silent fish, not about the unfortunately eaten Stepanich, but about grim genius, about creativity. Dalí once said that as a writer, he surpassed Dalí the artist. Nina didn’t agree with this: one was impossible without the other, his texts could only be understood together with his art, and his art could only be understood inside his texts. Nina’s book would be about all of it, all at the same time, and most importantly about the man himself.Nina had conceived the idea for this book a long time ago—four years ago, in fact—and carried it inside herself every day. This was her secret: she lived a foreign life unbeknownst to anyone, a life of Dalí and the book she would write in the future, and all signals from the outside world came to her as if through a dense filter. The book had evolved by itself from material that couldn’t be used in her dissertation but that piled up year after year in Nina’s files in the form of scattered, random, but extremely valuable records. Nina imagined the narrative in detail, saw how the text would be arranged on the page. The book often came to her ready-made in dreams at night, written and published in hardback with one of Dalí’s most famous scenes on the cover—the ants, the donkeys, the melting clocks. Nina dreamed about opening the book and the pages appearing in front of her.These were unusual dreams, in that she would read the lines slowly, mentally pronouncing them aloud, and the text would come to life. Things stood out through the letters themselves: landscapes, moving characters, magical symbols. Sometimes in dreams the lines appeared in the palms of her hands. Nina would hold her hands folded like she was a child with a book and read them.She couldn’t remember the details when she woke up, but she remembered the main part: it was a well-rounded book about Dalí, ranging not only in form, but in content. The book would have a very concise, harmonious narrative, and each thought in it would be complete and perfectly formed. In the dreamworld book, Nina expounded on some mysterious theory she couldn’t recreate in waking life. It’s possible that it was something absurd, illogical, but can you speak in any other way about the life and work of Salvador Dalí? But there was also a lot of sadness in the book Nina dreamed about, and it was very simple and sincere. This was a very sad book about Salvador Dalí, a sad artist. In that dense, foggy dream that had disappeared years before, there was always something Dalí said that she could never quite grasp. Of course, Nina thought upon waking and remembering her vast book in the dream. There is Dalí the man, his fate, his pursuits—and separately there is a myth, too, absolutely real. The myth certainly needs to be separate from the man Dalí is in reality.“Dalí was much easier than the myths written about him,” Eva Giorgievna said one time.“Easier?”“Well, of course. Look closely at his early paintings—they are very simple. Everything else was an outrage, an experiment. Time passed, and the longer Dalí worked, there was less of himself in the paintings. He lost his connection with them, the narrative became more abstract, and he suffered over this. Dalí loved the classics and could interact with the world, transferring it to the canvas, only with the help of the classics.”“And his childhood? Wasn’t Dalí, in fact, an unusual and complex child?”“What child can be called ordinary and simple?”“What about that case with the bat?”“With a bat? That’s something I don’t remember.”“When little Dalí grabbed the bat, he tore it to pieces with his teeth and threw it into the pool.”“Where did you get that?” Eva Giorgievna winced.“What do you mean, where? From The Secret Life of Salvador Dalí.”“He wrote that himself! That’s the thing! The Secret Life was an autobiography. There’s no reason to believe any of it actually happened. The Secret Life is just Dalí’s fantasy about himself.”In any case, Nina cared about Dalí’s early creative work most of all. Her expansive book would be primarily devoted to his early work. It would tell the story of Dalí, who took many hours of walks daily at Port Lligat, each walk exactly the same as the previous one, because a repetitive routine was essential for his work. After walking through his surroundings and coming home full of impressions, he would return to his canvas. Dead donkeys on the beach, those actually existed: farmers threw the downed beasts off the cliffs. He contemplated sea urchins, shells, dead fish washed up by the surf, garbage on the beach, stones, and sand. He admired the terrain of the shore and the metamorphosis of the sky. All the fantastic atmospheric phenomena—the talking clouds, the apocalyptic glow, the sunsets—they, too, were composed from nature. And most importantly, Dalí turned his gaze on himself, on his own past. He said he remembered being in his mother’s womb: there was a scarlet glow, an absolute harmony with everything on earth. Revelations like these sounded pretentious, but Nina was confident that everything was exactly the way he thought it was, and that he really did remember it. Dalí painstakingly transferred his individual reality to the canvas. He didn’t invent anything, the way some people surmised—those who never learned to listen to his silence and dissolve into his landscapes. He painted that which actually existed, the unspeakable, that which is impossible to convey.But Nina was indifferent to later Dalí. When he started painting portraits for millionaires who dreamed of seeing themselves depicted in a surrealistic manner, he forgot the secret code that animates objects and transforms any human into a cosmic myth, and without the code, the music doesn’t work—it’s just a chaotic set of sounds. Myth displaces the individual, and to keep supporting his myth, Dalí had to abandon himself. Maybe, Nina thought, and her own thoughts seemed like blasphemy, maybe a master really does need to pass on before he gets old. If Dalí had died young, like Lorca, there wouldn’t have been this stockpile of images choking out the melody of silence, which he somehow caught up with and surpassed. For him to have died young would have been salvation. Who knows what Lorca would have been in his old age! What if he would have turned into a hideous, lecherous old man?All of Dalí’s later works struck Nina as tragedy.All of this tragedy about what he attained, and the subsequent loss of himself to this attainment was exactly what she wanted to chronicle in her momentous novel, in her expansive book she dreamed about at night, which came across as perfect.Her future book was supposed to be about Salvador Dalí, not Rogozhin and its miserable inhabitants.How many times had Nina chastised herself when she felt guilty before going to Rogozhin? A long time ago she had traveled around Catalonia, walking and climbing all over, trying to go everywhere Dalí and Lorca had been, but she had never gone to the museum in the city Rogozhin. This ancient city, significant in Russian history, was introduced to Nina’s mind as a nondescript place consisting of several streets, a café, offices, and the children’s home. A boring mise-en-scène full of mediocre characters whose names cost Nina a great effort to keep in her head. The provincial bureaucrats, doctors, notaries, judges, attorneys, and secretaries at the Rogozhin regional court were all colorful, each in their own way, but they made for a meager portrait of an ancient Russian city with a rich past.One time in one of the green courtyards, in the patterned shade of the ash trees and birches, Nina discovered a beautiful old manor house, walked up onto the porch, and went inside. Behind the door was a mysteriously named operation: “One-Stop Service.” The sign puzzled Nina. There were a few windows, and beside each were tables, chairs, and groups of people sitting. Nina went up to a young employee sitting at a massive desk that was probably left over from the building’s previous situation.“Pardon me,” said Nina. “What was here before?”“Where?” The young employee didn’t understand.“Here, in this house. As you can see, the house is very old and beautiful, and there’s no memorial plaque on it.”“Memorial plaque?” She was surprised.“Well, of course, you know, in these antique houses,” Nina continued patiently, “they usually hang up a plaque with an explanation of what it was before. Somebody’s mansion for example, or a manor house, or it was owned by someone interesting. Or maybe it was a courthouse, a hospital, a nobility hall, or something like that. So I was asking, what did this building used to be?”“I have no idea,” the employee said and snorted, busying herself demonstratively with her paperwork.Is that really not interesting? Nina thought, going back outside and once again passing by the building. The wind was fingering the green branches of the birches, the old lilac bushes bubbled with bluish clusters, some of the flowers already blanching in some places, and Nina thought about how a lilac, no matter how nice it might be, invariably reminded her of a cemetery.But it wasn’t just officials who lived in Rogozhin. There were—or there must have been, Nina had no doubt—smart, learned, authentic inhabitants of this city, interesting conversationalists with whom she could find a common language and make friends. But how and where could she meet them? Should she socialize more in the evenings?She was always getting dragged out to restaurants in Rogozhin, either by the Spanish couples, or Ksenia, Ada Mitrofanovna, Elena Ilinichna, or someone else. The problem was that Nina was only ever invited out as a kind of payment, and she felt uncomfortable with all the hearty vittles and provincial luxury because she could never forget about the money that was sitting there at the table. Nobody else at the table could stop thinking about it, either—not the Spanish people, not carnivorous and laughing Ksenia, not whatever official had invited herself along. All of this was only oppressive on a subconscious level, because the entire surface of her consciousness was occupied by a variety of dishes, plates, glasses, and decanters, brought out on a tray by the busty older waitress with a bow on the bun on her head and a dark red mouth. Nina looked at her with admiration and was surprised, because she had been sure waitresses like her had long since been relegated to the past.Nina took pleasure in watching and studying everyone she met in Rogozhin and observing the local customs.She celebrated the metamorphosis that happened to the new people Ksenia lured into the fold with gifts and money.Ksenia called the way she tamed the shrews in the environment around her “saturating the layer.” The expression was borrowed—Ksenia hadn’t thought of it. The infamous Regina Sergeevna had. She was much more of an influential and respected figure in Rogozhin. Saturating the layer should be done gradually and thoroughly, over the entire surface, like a sophisticated pastry chef saturates cake with brandy and syrup, not disdaining anything or anybody, from the maids and bellhops at the hotel to Lyudmila Dmitrievna from the department herself, as well as the judges at the provincial court. Because no one could know for sure how everything would develop, and no one could depend on the success of an important case, somebody’s willingness to help, or the expedient response of the small and, for the time being, still disinterested functionaries. But not only that: a person needs to surround herself with positive energy. Ksenia herself preached this, and it was also part of Regina’s superstition.Drawing on this positive energy could not be done in a single moment.One had to begin with caution, offering something that wouldn’t frighten the innocent and fearful new officials in terms of the size of the bribe or the value of the gift, making sure also that the gift or sum of money did not exceed the standard. For example, the hotel administrator, the lower-level ladies who worked at the visa and registration office, notaries, and secretaries could be given candy, wine, cosmetics, or scarves, but they could not for any reason be given anything more valuable than that. “It’s zoo psychology,” Ksenia said and grinned, making another annotation in her notebook where she marked down who she gifted and what she gave them.An appearance at the office mediator’s door needed to be perceived not as a potential threat, but as a small celebration—only then would the shield give way and allow for the generation of the right kind of energy. “No one, remember, no one should ever be forgotten,” sage Regina advised her. “Everyone must be accounted for.” Ksenia followed this advice carefully.Every important event had to be remembered and commemorated: the judge’s birthday, the birthday of Lyudmila Dmitrievna, the department head’s birthday and sometimes the birthdays of their husbands and wives, their children and grandchildren.“By the way, when is Ada’s birthday?” Nina asked one time when Ksenia was shoving another heavy parcel into the trunk of the car.“I have no idea,” Ksenia said casually.“How can that be?” Nina was surprised. “You must know this about her.”“It doesn’t matter. We decided nobody should ever find out about Ada’s birthday, so none of us ever seek it out. It would be difficult to even estimate what those gifts should cost. Of course she would compare them—who gave what, who distinguished themselves, and the opposite, who blew it. We would have to have a whole meeting just to discuss it. Forget that, it makes me nauseous just to think about it. The less you know, the more soundly you sleep.”Ksenia was right: on a typical day, Ada was swamped with gifts.Particularly bothersome gifts might have to be hand-delivered a week prior to some national holiday. Gifts on her birthday may have required a level of intimacy not everyone could afford, but public holidays were an undisputed cause for action. The gifts had to be presented just before the holiday, not after, even if the planned visit to Rogozhin fell on the next day. For a couple of days before a national holiday, Ksenia went around to each office armed with a list she kept hidden, a list so that, God forbid, she didn’t forget anybody, especially after she was already on her way to Rogozhin to patiently make the rounds of every office. A whole day had to be dedicated to these preholiday calls. Just showing up in the office, handing over a gift, and then immediately disappearing would be considered the height of impoliteness, offensive and even unforgivable. It was necessary to appear in the doorway with a heartwarming smile, drop off a gift, and leave after that, but only after lamenting the fact that good talks among souls happen so rarely. But it was also against the rules to overdo it: the number of minutes spent in each office was strictly regulated.It had taken Ksenia several years to properly study this delicate matter, and she shared her observations with Nina more than once.“Imagine,” she said one evening. “I heard a little something today, the judge was talking to somebody on the telephone. Reginochka, our Regina Sergeevna, she’s our sun, the sun in our sky. What do you think of that, huh? They think she’s professional. Do you remember her?”“Who, Regina?”“Yes, dear. That vulgar old hag, former waitress with the hoarse voice, ever tipsy, breathing fumes you can smell from three meters away. And now she’s the sun in the sky! Her, and not you and me, Ninochka. She is the one we must learn from.”Ksenia said all this quite seriously. She had long sought to learn from Regina’s mastery, but she didn’t always take advantage of the invaluable knowledge she gathered. While Regina made almost no effort to appease, seduce, or coddle the right person, Ksenia was grating, rude, and not very successful. Regina Sergeevna’s secret was the time she spent in every office herself and the talks she had with the people who worked in those offices, in their own language. Ksenia, in spite of all the restaurants, money, and gifts, remained an outsider.But all the same, she didn’t waste time needlessly, following the procedure of the established method, and gradually Nina watched miraculous transformations occur.The bitchy manager lady in the new hotel, which they had moved to in a hurry when the old one by the train station was closed for repairs, was dripping with molasses and honey after a couple weeks of Ksenia’s gifts, meeting them and seeing them off with a nice smile and giving them the best rooms with a view of the Rogozhin kremlin. The evil receptionist at the visa and registration office was, on the other hand, always barking and needlessly shuffling papers. “Not there, not on this date, improperly formalized,” she conveyed to Nina and Ksenia with a glowing, angelic face. Lyudmila Dmitrievna became one to rub her shoulders and murmur apologetically, “So far you’ve driven, so far. Maybe a cup of hot tea? Come now, why wouldn’t you want it? It’s quite chilly out there, by God . . .”Nina met glad-handing officials, honeyed administrators, cooperative employees of public offices, and colorful waitresses in Rogozhin at every turn. However, intelligent people, interesting conversationalists, were scarce. Nina never even came across one, and this gave her sad, wistful thoughts about Rogozhin.But time passed, and Rogozhin was germinating inside of her, like weeds, threatening to come to the surface as yet unfamiliar texts, like the prayers on the skin of the girl waiting at the airport to fly to New Delhi.Nina no longer dreamed of her expansive book, and Dalí had long since stopped talking to her about his walks along the shore of Port Lligat. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] The first clap of thunder in the cloudless sky of Rogozhin adoptions struck in May, when good Lyudmila Dmitrievna in the education department was removed from service.Nina and Ksenia were first informed of the news when Vitya’s van had already arrived in Rogozhin. They stood in the square outside the municipal building for a long time in a state of complete confusion. It was a warm sunny day, the cherry trees next to the Kremlin were in bloom, and ravens were squabbling loudly in the curly poplars. Nina and Ksenia were shaken and silent. Similar feelings must be experienced by citizens around the world when they hear of a war breaking out, when tourists arrive in a capital city of a world power that has just come under attack.“What will happen now?” Nina whispered, frightened.“How should I know?” Ksenia was deep in thought about something. “It’s strange that it’s all so unexpected. We talked on the phone the day before yesterday, and suddenly—what do you know, she’s gone. Who got rid of her? And what for? It was some kind of devilry, that’s for sure. Well, at least I have her home phone number. Something isn’t right here.”Anxiety squeezed Nina’s heart as if a nightmare had suddenly found its way into reality, and there was no hope of waking up.A panic took hold of the adoption ranks: nobody knew which way the wind was blowing, who would take Lyudmila Dmitrievna’s place, and what would play out for everyone with this sudden change.The next clap of thunder hit shortly after Lyudmila Dmitrievna’s disappearance on a clear summer morning, when Nina, Vitya, and a Spanish couple arrived at Ada Mitrofanovna’s children’s home for a get-acquainted session.There was a boxy SUV with dark windows already parked where Vitya usually parked next to the dull gray fence, a black, ghostlike Hummer. The inside of this SUV was empty.There was clearly someone already inside the children’s home.“You’re here to see whom?” Vera the nurse obstructed their path.“Good day. We’re here to see Ada,” Nina answered with a charming smile.Vera looked at Nina as if she was seeing her for the first time.“Ada Mitrofanovna is not here right now,” she answered severely, still blocking the passage.“And when will she be back? Was she really not informed of our arrival?”“No.”Nina went out on the porch and called Ksenia, but Ksenia didn’t answer.When Nina told nurse Vera the surname of the baby the Spanish couple was there to see in a get-acquainted session, Vera, notably embarrassed, confessed to her that the baby was being seen by some Americans at that very moment.“Ada Mitrofanovna informed me that they would be coming,” Vera added. “But she didn’t say a word about you.”She bid them a brief farewell and disappeared into the medical office.That was the first time Nina had ever encountered a turn of events like this. Nobody ever acted like this, not even treacherous Ada. As far as Nina knew, nothing like this had ever happened in the history of Rogozhin adoptions. Something like this completely contradicted the code established by the adoption fellowship. The board of colleagues simply would not permit such a thing.There was an unfamiliar Barbie doll staffing the education department. This was the first time Nina had ever seen her. Barbie looked indifferently at Nina, who was pale with agitation, and apologized in a very reserved manner. The directive for the Spanish couple had been issued by mistake, and the baby was given to the American family, who had been standing by in the long queue for a number of months.All this could mean only one thing: someone else, someone unknown and influential, had infiltrated Rogozhin and seized the hearts and minds of Ada and the officials, displacing Ksenia.This was Ksenia’s reasoning anyway, when she called Nina, heard her confusing story, and flew into a rage.But Nina shared her concerns on all accounts. It was suspicious: the strange behavior of the nurses and the cold, distant replies of the doll-like blonde as she explained the unseen activities, all of which she sensed had long since been developing in the Rogozhin offices. And most importantly, all this was connected with the black Hummer that was always on her tail—in her daily reality, in her thoughts, and in her dreams. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina couldn’t remember where and when she’d seen a certain film. And what was its title? It seems like it was something about England. Parks and lawns, horseback riding in a historic mansion . . . Yes, that was most likely England. Or maybe not England, but somewhere else—France or Italy. She also remembered the Etruscans were mentioned. Anyway, the heroes of the film were going to die. Only one person knew about it—the photographer, a harmless guy who was photographing them for some reason. He discovered in the pictures that these future fatalities carried the shadow of death upon themselves, so if a person choked to death, there was a shadow of the rope. If it was a fall from the top of a sharp spire, there was a shadow of the spire. One of them got his head cut off by a sliding sheet of glass, and in the photograph you could see a dark wedge. It seems like the photographer was trying to warn the people and deliver them from death, but the casualties-to-be didn’t take heed and died one after the other.It seemed to Nina like she had a shadow hanging over her as well. What was it? The nearness of misfortune or death? Or maybe not one shadow, but many? The shadows deepened, threatening to close in and form a continuous, impenetrable gloom.The scariest thing of all was the fact that Nina couldn’t picture what this misfortune looked like, or how she would determine whether it had in fact already started.But a person can get used to anything, and Nina gradually got used to the shadows and the sense of foreboding, and she had completely forgotten it was possible to live a different way. But that clear spring day didn’t portend anything sinister. Quite the opposite: it was a good morning, full of cheerful promise. For the first time since her own car found its way into her life, Nina woke up with a feeling of joy. Suddenly, a vague conviction arose that there was just a little more to endure, and then all the nasty heaviness would depart, would leave Nina alone. The shadows would return to their dark corners, and their place would be taken by something easy, free, bright, and authentically valuable, like that drop of Kolyma gold that lay in her jewelry box.Zoya Alexievna had headed off on her summer expedition ten days earlier, and her absence was felt in the apartment. To Nina’s surprise, she missed her mother; she missed the delicate figure in the next room, her steps in the hallway, the clinking of her Turkish coffeepot in the kitchen, and even the familiar smell of her cigarettes.Nina got up and opened the window, and early summer poured into the room, along with the noise of the city and the warm breeze smelling of freshly hosed asphalt, grass, and gasoline, as if the asphalt, grass, and gasoline were right there waiting when she finally let them come into her cozy, inhabitable domestic world.But in that moment, as Nina looked at the thick lilac bushes in bloom, at her car, tenaciously reflecting a small, cold sun from its silver side, at the buzzing street and Belorusskaya Station, a phone call was making a racket somewhere in the depths of her room.Nina rushed around the room, ran out into the hallway, put her hand in her cloak, and pulled out her phone. An unpleasant, harsh, hostile buzz—she didn’t like it even before she looked at the screen and saw it was Ksenia. Her call at this time scared Nina more than anything else. Nina had no doubt that she was going to find out about an impending disaster.“Hi,” Nina said very calmly into the phone.“Listen,” Ksenia said quickly. “Listen and do not interrupt.”After such an introduction, Nina was quite beside herself. Ksenia was speaking quietly, and yet at the same time ceremoniously. Never before had Nina heard in her voice these particular intonations.She pressed the phone to her ear. Her hand and her temple were moist from agitation.“Yes, Ksenia, I’m listening,” she forced herself to say.“Everything is very bad,” Ksenia continued after a pause. “It is bad in Rogozhin.”Her voice was resonating with new, solemn tones, as if it wasn’t Ksenia who was speaking, but an actress with her same voice, specially hired for this call.“The prosecutor’s office investigated the department. They took out Lyudmila Dmitrievna. They said they received their signals from above. Someone reported her, and they investigated.”“Who are they?”“No idea . . . Even the prosecutor probably gets investigated by the prosecutor’s office . . . Or maybe some other service. As for who it was that informed, there’s no doubt. I know exactly who it was. And you do, too, you know.”Nina swallowed hard.“They planted one of their own people in Lyudmila Dmitrievna’s place. Temporarily. And this temp lifted old documents from the archives, including business relating to our children. All the cases in the past two years, every single one. How many is that, do you think? A whole mountain of them. The number in and of itself is alarming, and questions will arise. Because if all our business is tallied up, it’s like Tamara and Alevtina put together, you know? In addition to that, they will also find things in the documents that they don’t like.”Nina heard her belly rumble from hunger—she hadn’t yet eaten breakfast. She was nearing the point of no return, and her body was working like a well-oiled machine. It’s amazing, she managed to think. How can it know all this, and yet still continue to allocate gastric juices and not crash down to the floor?“Why are they interested in our business, Nina? They will look at everything page by page, and a number of ministerial permits will look suspicious to them. Not to mention the notarized agreements from the Spaniards.”Nina’s heart beat lightly and very, very quickly. The phrase thready pulse swept into her mind, with no memory of where or when she had learned it.“What do you mean, suspicious?” she said a little softly, feeling weak in her back and legs.“They’ll be interested in the notary seals. The seals, Nina. And I’m pretty sure there’s something else they won’t like—the dates and signatures. Lyudmila Dmitrievna called me. She said there’s a break in all business, that everything is suspended. That means the permissions from the ministry, my permissions, you know? They’re not registered anywhere, the numbers on them don’t actually exist, and the ministry doesn’t recognize them. And also the children’s consent forms. Your consents, with your signature as the translator. Lyudmila Dmitrievna warned me they are preparing to call the notary right now, who will assure them he will check his registry.”Well, of course, of course! It was an unfamiliar voice that shrieked in Nina’s head. Those were my consents! The very ones that I forged! That we forged, that we were forced to forge!“This cannot be allowed to happen. They cannot be allowed to call the notary,” Nina said aloud.She said it very evenly, but her fingers were shaking, and the phone at her ear was completely wet.“Give them a fake phone number, I’m begging you. Tell them it’s the notary’s phone number. Like, give them my cell, or my home phone, or my father’s home phone. I’ll explain everything to him right now—”“Impossible,” Ksenia gently but firmly insisted. “They would get the number by themselves. They won’t even listen to me. They have me as much on the hook as they do you.”“So what do we do?”“Nothing. Judging by their speed, they want to make a big scandal. International. A significant outrage that will be written about in all the newspapers. If the consents are forged, the adoptions will be found to be invalid. The children will have to come back. And, well, you understand where this is going.”Nina understood everything.“There must be some way to stop them,” she said in a dull, lifeless voice.“It’s too late,” Ksenia said. “It’s too late, Nina. Too late. This was Kirill—he held on to what was his and made it to the end, don’t doubt it. That’s the kind of man he is. And you and I can only sit and wait.”“Wait for what?”“What do you think? What is normally expected in such cases?”Nina ended the call and lowered the phone into the pocket of her robe.It wasn’t her room anymore before her eyes, with its window beyond which Moscow was rumbling away, overwhelmed by the sun, but the education department office in Rogozhin. She saw Lyudmila Dmitrievna’s desk piled with folders that were shamelessly wide open, each one displaying a familiar signature in her—Nina’s—handwriting. She saw people focused on the folders.These people had impervious faces, like the agents in The Matrix.And now they were taking the first document from the folder, translated by Nina and officially notarized by a man who typically took her word for the accuracy of her translations and whose signature and seal she had found herself forced to forge a few times, along with the signatures of the Spanish parents, because Ksenia had asked her to do so, so the adoption wouldn’t fall through. One of the Matrix agents frowned quizzically, a frown that would then turn to disgust, holding the document with two fingers. It seemed to Nina that the piece of paper shrank beneath his gaze. It was already quite small, shriveled, pathetic, and it seemed like smoke was coming from one corner and a pale flickering of a flame.The man in the suit went to the window and held the piece of paper up to his eyes, scrutinizing it in the light of day. The bright light of the spring sun mercilessly and shamelessly disclosed the naive forgery, the color of the wavy, sea-like seal appearing far too bright. He slowly moved the mortifying page to his other hand, which passed it on to the next pair of inquisitive and attentive eyes. Nina felt like she had turned into this unfortunate piece of paper, or fallen into one of those dreams where something evil is coming after her, where she pulls out her phone to call someone for help but the buttons are stuck, or she can’t remember the number, or she’s forgotten how to use a cell phone, or—and this ends up being the most terrible thing—the answer on the phone sounds like a nonhuman voice, the voice of the raven in the nightmare, the raven that was sitting on the wardrobe in her room.The hand in the gray sleeve of the bureaucratic suit was already reaching for the phone—reaching for a long time until Nina went to her desk, sat down in the chair, and turned on the computer.The computer booted up slowly, with a prolonged buzz, and somewhere in Rogozhin that bureaucratic arm was frozen in indecision over the telephone and was hanging motionless, like a tsunami seething with foam and mud, ready to crash down on a tiny resort town. It hung there motionless for an eternity while the computer started up, until Nina was able to pull up Yandex and get the last name of the Moscow notary. Sure enough: on the screen before her were hundreds of pages with the phone number in question, and this meant that the enemy hand, after a moment of hesitation, would pick up the phone and carry it through the air, through time, through Nina’s life as it was frozen in despair, all the way to a pale, gristly ear.“God,” Nina whispered, speaking to the screen. “Don’t destroy me, benevolent creator. Have mercy and save this sinner.”But the next moment she didn’t see anything in front of her—neither the screen nor the familiar phone number of the notary. She no longer saw the arm in the gray sleeve and the contours of the clean-shaven cheeks, which moved rhythmically to the beat of the conversation with Moscow.All the objects in the room suddenly became colorless, like the sleeve of the bureaucrat, like the black-and-white Alfred Hitchcock film about the blonde who stole forty thousand dollars, and small specks were flashing before her eyes, not unlike the taiga mosquitoes from her mother’s stories. Letting her fingers slip away from the computer mouse, Nina put her face in her hands and froze, shrinking into her chair in front of the computer screen. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] She didn’t know how long she sat in front of her monitor.The screen went blank, and the computer went to sleep.She could hear neighbors returning from work—heels were clacking on the stairs, and the iron door of the elevator slammed shut several times. Someone’s shout rang out beneath the window. Someone else laughed. The sharp, abrupt sounds of the street. Somewhere in the distance, an ambulance siren began to howl.The earth was slowly floating in the icy void. The sun described an arc in the sky, and without waiting for it to disappear, the moon rolled right into the sky, round and orange like a piece of fruit. A resonant night appeared, full of rustling, scents, and reflections, and Nina wasn’t thinking of anything as she sat before the cosmic void of the monitor gone black.She had no doubt they would call her very soon.What happens in such cases? Where will they be calling from? Nina wondered. From Rogozhin? From the ministry of education, from the police station? From the Spanish consulate? Who will come to take me away? Who will lead me through the courtyard in handcuffs and put me in a car to take me to jail?Nina had the realization that time is a river. We only think we’re doing something, rushing off somewhere, overcoming the stubborn cruelty of time, but in fact time carries us at whatever pace he pleases, and all we can do is go with the flow. We don’t fill time, we don’t kill time, and we can’t overcome him. He carries us on his back like an enormous, strong fish.Nina got caught up in the river, and it carried her, and she didn’t need anything at all—she just had to hold on and stay afloat. And to believe in one thing: time.What is happening in Rogozhin? What are they dragging it out for? Was this some kind of false alarm? Maybe the Moscow notary turned out to be not home? Or the registry was lost? Nina went to the kitchen and boiled water for another cup of nauseating unsweet tea. A few such cups of tea, all stagnant and murky, filmy like oil, were already sitting there cold on the table in front of her. Every time she made one, Nina took a couple sips and returned to her computer.There was no doubt: Ksenia came straight to Nina to deal with all the mistakes, omissions, and oversights in their joint activities. Nina thought about the correct answer to this question, if such a question, of course, was ever to be asked of her: Why had she, Nina, been present at so many court dates in Rogozhin over the course of two years? Where did she get such an expensive car? They wouldn’t touch Ksenia—she wasn’t implicated anywhere, either by name or signature. How could Nina prove that the main part of the money wasn’t going to her, but instead to Ksenia?Nina dialed Ksenia’s number several times in despair. The receiver buzzed indifferently in her ears three, five, seven times. There was no answer on the other end, and her heart sank. It was the uncertainty that scared her most of all. Why wasn’t Ksenia answering? What if she had already been called away somewhere and was giving her testimony?That woman they brought through the corridor of the Rogozhin regional court. Nina couldn’t see her eyes; she was looking down at her feet. Just think, they cordoned off the whole floor for a small, frail arrestee. That woman in the corridor didn’t look like a gangster or a murderer. What did she do? Why were the Rogozhin authorities so afraid of her?Time carried Nina slowly through the night, morning, afternoon, and the following evening.In the empty apartment, the second call was sudden and deafening when it hit, like a gunshot. Her phone was flashing and blinking, lying on the table. Nina looked at the screen for a few seconds as it lit up with Ksenia’s number again, and then held the phone to her ear.She would always remember everything after that as though it were a dream. As if these developments concerned not her, but someone else entirely.“Listen carefully.” Ksenia spoke in an even stranger, more foreign voice. “They killed Kirill.”“Killed who? Who did? When?”“They killed him. Kirill. This morning. Can you hear me?”And rather incoherently, jumping from one trivial detail to another, Ksenia told Nina about the killing. The story was rather brief. The next morning—less than a day after Lyudmila Dmitrievna informed Ksenia that an investigation was commencing—in the predawn hours, when Nina was turning her back to the wall, pulling her knees to her chest, and briefly dozing off, Kirill was found dead by other tenants in his building. He was lying on the pavement near some cars. Right near his Hummer, the very Hummer with the cool headlights that had been following Nina. He was shot at close range, just once, and none of his neighbors heard the shot, or a scream, or any other suspicious sounds. There was hardly any blood on the asphalt, and one neighbor, who was taking his bull terrier out for a walk in the courtyard, had the initial thought that something was wrong with the familiar Hummer and that its driver was lying on the asphalt to diagnose the problem.“And suspects?” Nina quickly swallowed. “Are there any suspects?”“Not yet,” said Ksenia.Nina’s first thought was that her mother going on her expedition was most opportune, because it was completely unknown how she would react to the recent chapter in Nina’s Rogozhin adventure, which had suddenly developed bloody undertones.Then Nina had the thought that something very suspicious was going on. She realized it at the moment she heard from Ksenia that the gunshot was at close range. What if it was Ksenia who killed Kirill? She did have that imaginary gun, like that golden-eyed Spanish man, and an imaginary gun can at any moment turn into a real one, and then a single bullet can fly from its barrel and instantly kill someone.But maybe it happened some other way. Nina cleared the dirty cups from the table, put them in the sink, and turned on a strong stream of scalding hot water.It’s possible Ksenia didn’t think to take Kirill out on her own. Doing such a thing wasn’t necessary nowadays. For a few thousand euros you could hire a hit man who would arrange everything for you. A year ago on one of those evenings in the Rogozhin hotel, Ksenia morbidly joked that Ada Mitrofanovna would be easier to handle with the help of a hit man, rather than the countless gifts she took from Ksenia’s enduring hands. It seemed like there had been a quarrel, if you can call it a quarrel, the frustration of a persecuted victim and the jubilation of a go-between with a taste for torture: Ada had given someone else a child she had already offered to Ksenia or slipped her an illiquid with a bad diagnosis; Nina couldn’t remember the exact reason for Ksenia’s anger.“I could hire a hit man, and that would be that,” Ksenia said. “How much longer am I supposed to tolerate her antics? Humiliation, sleepless nights, hemorrhoids from nerves. Imagine, that’s what I’ve got—hemorrhoids from nerves. They just started, all because of that vile creature.”“I wonder, how hard is it to hire a hit man?” Nina asked suddenly.“It’s not that hard. I mean, I have an old classmate, a former felon. He lives in the next building. I think he could help. Not himself, of course, but he would know where to look for someone. But who needs a classmate when the Internet is at your fingertips? I’m told these hit men can be found right there on the Internet.”Nina doubted that about the Internet. And yet anything can happen in the modern world. She wouldn’t have been surprised to find out there was a whole list of professional hit men to eliminate unwanted citizens engaged in special enterprises, or that some private individuals were out there advertising, just looking to earn some extra money. Perhaps getting a telephone number for one of them was as simple as getting in touch with Nina’s notary, who she had somehow thought was unknown to everyone but her.Nina went to the kitchen, heated up a pan, fried some eggs, and ate them with gusto—it was the first time she could eat in the seemingly endless last twenty-four hours.Really, she thought, downing her sweet tea with milk, have I really devolved to the point that the death of an innocent man, a violent death at that, can be a cause for rejoicing?There was no doubt: the murder was committed, or more likely organized, by Ksenia. How could she have known all the details? The early morning, the bull terrier, or that story about his master who didn’t realize right away that the man lying beside the car was dead? Or what if the bull terrier’s owner was the murderer? And the bull terrier his accomplice?Nina smiled. A few hours ago she couldn’t fathom joking about this, drinking tea with milk and eating eggs right from the frying pan, furiously sawing at them with her fork. A few hours ago, Nina had lost all hope and was already an inmate in a women’s prison, admiring the sky through the bars and barbed wire, but everything had changed in an instant.Such is the price of life. And the price of death.But there wasn’t strength left to contemplate either life or death, or Ksenia and her last fateful meeting with Kirill. Nina plodded to her room, fell onto the bed, and slipped so quickly into a deep sleep, it was as if they had finally taken pity on her and given her general anesthesia. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] When Nina woke up, the day was in full swing.That night she dreamed of Vitya, the driver. “I’m the one who killed Kirill,” he said with a creepy giggle, turning the wheel of the Barguzin and flattening dogs, cats, and Jews with sidelocks, all of whom crawled directly under the wheels of the van by themselves. “I couldn’t care less. I’m always looking for more work. There are only so many orphans, and then all I do is drive around Moscow, back and forth, taking Americans and Spaniards to the airport, to the consulate. This was just another work order to fill. And everything will be easier for you ladies without Kirill.”Then she dreamed about Ksenia.“Everything will be how it was,” Ksenia said, beaming with happiness. “How it was, you know? Just like before!”“It can’t be,” Nina said and opened her eyes.Just like before. Nina was disappointed. Like in childhood, when the school year ended and suddenly the summer swung open before her, full of melancholy and loneliness. The summer she longed for all year and then didn’t know what to do with, and during which she suffered from unknown ailments.Just like before. Those were the precious words Nina kept repeating in her mind those two endless days. What she wouldn’t give, even before this, to have everything like it was before. But Nina’s “like before” differed a good deal from Ksenia’s. She no longer had the desire to be always off somewhere in a hurry to deal with all the infernal documents. Instead, she wanted to sit in archives among memoirs and letters, or to search for books she needed, like before. To see the old friends she had long forgotten since her head got so wrapped up in Rogozhin. To step into the most miraculous, wonderful living room in the world, to look at the panorama out the window that was just like a holiday card, like before. Vostokova hadn’t invited her over in a long time, and now Nina didn’t know what was the more important thing—to buy her own apartment, which she had always dreamed about, or to be able to step over the threshold into Eva Giorgievna’s home.After the turmoil of the last two days, she couldn’t even think about things being like before, in terms of complacently heading off again to Rogozhin. But there still were some unfinished cases left that needed to be brought to a close. And then? Once again, like before? Nina closed her eyes.She would finish the cases, and then that was it. That’s when everything would be like before.Nina sat down at her desk and turned on the computer. The news page was on the screen. God, Nina thought. The news has hardly even changed. It’s only been two days. Only two, who would have thought! And in these two days there was time for so much to happen. There were a dozen unread messages waiting for Nina in her inbox. No, Nina didn’t have the strength to read all these e-mails right now. She opened one from Kristina’s parents, the girl who told her about the dog named Squirrel. That was back in September, during that old wives’ summer. How long ago that was, like a different life entirely! They thanked her and once again asked her to visit. Nina was sure it was a genuine, honest-to-goodness invitation, not a bogus one like with that gullible translator Natasha. She looked at the calendar. Of course, today is Kristina’s birthday! She concentrated and came up with a short answer. Going right then wouldn’t work, but maybe a little later.But she really did want to go to Cadaqués. Just like before.This is a dream! Nina guessed. This just doesn’t look like reality. I’m in a dream. If I stare at the palms of my hands, I’ll wake up.The picture wavered and floated with a turn of her head, and what she saw was not a room with a desk, but a snowy plain and a village fading into the distance. And the scene had the flavor of that particular state between sleeping and waking, in which reality is a bushy vision overgrown with wild storylines.Nina had already brought her palm to her face when suddenly the phone rang again.She stared at the screen: there was no specified number, and instead it read “Unknown.” For a moment she became cold.“Yes?” she said politely.“Nina Koretskaya?” A cordial male voice was speaking. “My name is Pavel. It’s urgent that I meet with you.”“What for? Who are you? Do we know each other?”“No, we are not acquainted. A certain person sent me your way. You most likely don’t know this person, either. This person wants to see you.”“And what is this person’s name?”Nina once again felt the nearness of danger. Just like in that childhood game warmer-colder, when you’re searching for a hidden object. You’re getting warmer, and then the nearness of the clues burns your hands and face. Nina was being invited into someone else’s territory, where she would be asked to play by someone else’s rules. What would be the end of this game for her? She didn’t like the idea of ending up lying on the asphalt in her courtyard early in the morning. The granny next door would take her pug out for a walk and wouldn’t be scared when she saw Nina lying on her back, because she would think she was busy with something—counting the pale stars in the sky, or following the first morning flights of the martins.And what if she refused? Nina could explain that she couldn’t meet this person, that she had other plans, that everything in her life now was just like before, and it would be better to invite someone else to this meeting. She opened her mouth to say everything, but her blood was already boiling with a mix of impatience and curiosity, and she simply could not speak the only correct words.“Don’t worry,” the caller said, as though he sensed Nina’s indecision.“Tell me, what’s the name of the person who wants to see me?”“This person’s name is Evelina. Perhaps you’ve heard of her.”“I did hear something once.”“Excellent, then I’ll see you at seven in the evening. Near the Mayakovskaya metro, by the concert hall exit. I will meet you and bring you to Evelina.”“And where will she be waiting for me? In a private residence?” Nina asked cautiously.“In a café in the city center. Don’t worry.”“Agreed.” Nina touched the hang-up button.The phone went silent, and Nina immediately realized how quiet it was in her apartment. Even the clock in the kitchen was silent, and it could usually be heard from anywhere. The battery must have died.Suddenly Nina felt uncomfortable. It seemed like she was being watched, right now, at this very moment, as she stood thoughtfully beside the table in her rumpled bathrobe with coffee stains down the front, like someone was watching her through an unseen device built into the wall of her own room.No, this couldn’t be. Indeed, this was the very same paranoia Kirill had suffered from! But just in case, Nina smoothed her hair and retied her bathrobe.From what little she knew, Evelina was an extremely influential figure who held the Far North region in the palm of her hand, from petty intermediaries to high-ranking officials. Ksenia once told Nina that Evelina controlled Siberia and the Far East. Thousands and thousands of kilometers of desert, which foolish Nina once felt proud about with that one Spanish couple. This was the region where Dina once worked, with large industrial cities where there were many children’s homes and thousands of orphans.She looked at her watch: it was half past five. She headed off to the shower, closed the door, and bolted the latch just in case. She turned on the warm, almost hot, water and let it run slowly over her head.After her shower she went to the kitchen and made coffee. The feeling of being under surveillance was still with her.A memory came to her of a book that described the start of some mental affliction exactly like this. If someone thinks a stranger has been in her home, she will pick up on strange odors and unfamiliar items. Nina walked through all the rooms and looked out into the entry. There weren’t any unfamiliar objects, but the apartment, with its massive metallic door that looked from the inside like a bar of chocolate, no longer felt like a safe haven. She felt some kind of presence, some kind of suspense.“Hey! Who are you and what do you want?” Nina yelled, stopping in the middle of the room and looking over the walls and ceiling. She didn’t find anything suspicious, just the shreds of dusty cobwebs hanging from the ceiling, the sort of thing you find in homes that aren’t very well kept.“What do you want from me?”There was no answer.Nina got her clothes on and headed outside a few minutes later.She was able to calm down out there. The sun was shining so brightly that it took her breath—it felt like her soul was about to fly right out of her body and dissolve in this joyous, dazzling radiance. As she walked past her car, she couldn’t distinguish its color, her eyes still not used to the sun. An old man in an antiquated hat was doddering along with two mongrels on leashes—it might be that very man who would soon discover her corpse.It didn’t make sense to take the metro: Mayakovskaya was quite near her home. Nina went out the courtyard gate and walked up Tverskaya Street. She had enough time.When it was already in the past, many days later, Nina remembered that day, which seemed endlessly long and whiter than white. As though no other color but this white remained in the world that stretched from Belorusskaya Station to Red Square. In reality Nina was surrounded by many other colors: the gray, blue, and white walls of the old buildings, the many-hued billboards, shop windows, and banks, and the café signs, so many of which had sprung up on this part of Tverskaya Street in recent years. The asphalt was hot and dry, little boys were rushing up to her on roller skates, and she stepped close to the front of an apartment building until every one of them had passed her. Then she was caught by a mischievous warm breeze that pushed at her back, dousing her with dust and the smell of spring in the city.Nina slowed her steps; there was almost forty minutes to kill before her meeting with the unknown. She looked at the buildings on the street where she grew up without much thought—they were so familiar to her since childhood. But so much had changed there lately. There was a time, not that long ago, when there weren’t any hotels or all these banks. This building had the first Baskin-Robbins in Moscow, which used to seem decadent and extravagantly expensive, and the famous old clown Karandash had lived in the next building. Nina often walked past his memorial plaque. But there wasn’t anything special about this building, although the exterior was reminiscent of old Moscow; the reproductions were made so skillfully that when the new building took the place of the decrepit two-story mansion, Nina didn’t even notice the change right away.Suddenly she got the feeling she was being watched again. This game had developed in such a way that they ended up knowing quite a lot about her—full name, cell phone number. They surely knew a lot more—about the orphans, the falsified seals, about Ada and Ksenia—and she knew nothing about Pavel or Evelina, or about any other people she might encounter on the way to that evening’s meeting, a meeting that could end unpredictably for Nina. And most importantly, Nina didn’t know why exactly she needed these people or what kind of game it was she was getting drawn into. After what she lived through the night before, she could talk about anything without the slightest hesitation: about Kirill’s betrayal and murder, about who had him killed, Ksenia, of course, and even about the fact that committing a heinous crime had aroused no emotion at all except for enormous relief. Basically she was prepared to tell these people things she had never admitted to anyone before. But this situation was different: these unknowns did know all of this quite well, at least that’s what Nina figured. They even knew what she looked like—no wonder Pavel didn’t ask about her appearance on the phone. Nina had forgotten to clarify how they would know each other in the crowd by the metro. That meant that they had been following her for a long time, they had her phone tapped, and now they were skulking around behind her to keep her from running away, should the thought of escape suddenly come into her head.Nina stopped and looked around—she looked openly, defiantly. Her fear vanished, and she was prepared to confront the face of her pursuer. It could have been anyone. The old man at the bus stop, who looked at Nina with his loose, watery eyes. Or the woman in the window of a café looking at her reflexively through the glass. This woman had a glass of something white in front of her on the table—it must have been a milkshake—and a plate of salad, but the next moment she turned and brought the fork indifferently to her mouth, the greens on it stained with mayonnaise. Or the tourist across the way aiming his camera deep inside the building and quietly photographing Nina.No, it isn’t possible, these people don’t look like spies. But did Nina really know what a spy looked like?Or maybe after all the turmoil she endured she had developed a persecution complex, like Kirill? Or perhaps Kirill didn’t actually have delusions; perhaps he just always knew he was being followed?She was at the square. The Mayakovsky monument. Nina crossed to the other side of the Garden Ring road and ended up next to the metro. She had fifteen minutes of perfectly empty idle time on her hands.She stood beside the metro exit, near the placards. A tall young man accidentally bumped into her and apologized, disappearing quickly into the crowd. No, that certainly wasn’t Pavel. Two men, whose appearance indicated they were obviously not Muscovites, stared at her intently, but neither of them could have been Pavel, either; they were looking at her out of habit, like they would at any fashionable and attractive young woman. She was quite familiar with this intense, appraising look.Five minutes passed, then ten more.Nina had been worried for no reason—another seven minutes passed. The too-hot sun relented a bit, the shadows lengthened.Nina was unabashedly scrutinizing every man who walked past when Pavel appeared in front of her.“Nina, good evening! Have you been waiting long?”“No,” Nina murmured, confused. “Just a few minutes. Hello.”The man standing in front of her didn’t look like a murderer. More than anything, he reminded her of an athlete or a soldier. But that’s exactly the type they would hire, thought Nina. A professional hit man should not arouse suspicion. I wouldn’t go anywhere with him if he was some big goon. And he’s quite a cute guy, seems very good-natured. Such a friendly smile, but then . . . She got the chills and shivered. On the street, a small dust devil was spinning in the air, and the wind was sweeping it past.“The car is over there. Let’s go.”Nina trudged dutifully in the indicated direction. Pavel was a little behind her, and she thought about how stupid it was of her to expose her back; he could shoot or stab her. But a minute later she was in front of a silver car. He had parked just a little down from the metro.“Is there far to go?” Nina asked, getting into the front seat.“Not really. It’s here, in the city center. Delightful little spot, a small café, not too large. Evelina usually holds her business meetings there. I hope we don’t somehow get stuck along the way.”They rode in silence, and Nina felt oppressed. She could feel her insides bursting with curiosity. Among the countless mysteries of Moscow that had always attracted and excited her, here was a new one, and now this new mystery was at arm’s length in front of her, and instead of enjoying a typical drive on the Garden Ring, Nina’s mind was running through countless questions. She needed answers to these questions quickly, right now. There was a man seated to her left for whom it probably wouldn’t cost anything to explain it to her, but this man was silent, staring intently at the road, and Nina decided it was better not to speak first. Her heart sank every time a line of cars accumulated, because every small holdup meant her suffering was prolonged. Fortunately, they didn’t come across any big traffic jams along the way. Pavel passed cars adroitly and skillfully, and despite the workday traffic they were moving pretty fast. They got there in half an hour.It was a very quiet, very green little side street. They passed through a bunch of one-way streets to get there, winding around, circling residential houses illuminated beautifully by the soft evening sun, houses with rather small yards full of fresh green, so that Nina eventually got disoriented, like it was her first time in this city.The café was located in an old two-story mansion with a high porch and wrought-iron railings. Pigeons were wandering around on the sidewalk, cooing. There were two people standing by the entrance like sentries.Those must be bouncers, Nina thought.Pavel opened the door and let Nina go first. The café was quite small, a little gloomy, and very cozy. The setting sun combined dramatically with the mild electric light of the antique lamps. The tables were empty—lunchtime had long since passed, and it was too early for dinner. It was also possible this café didn’t have very many patrons. Nina was quick to notice the white tablecloths, the fresh flowers in vases, and the beautiful furniture, which suggested the prices on the menu would be exorbitant. Maybe Evelina took the entire room for her meetings, and regular patrons were kept out by the guards at the door.“I’ll stay here,” Pavel said, sitting down at one of the tables. “Go. She’s waiting for you.”Dutiful Nina headed deeper into the dining room. Her fear had left her completely, and uncertainty was no longer a burden. This was the moment before she solved the mystery, and she savored it, examining the restaurant’s interior. She noticed a big aquarium next to the podium, with a perfect imitation of the ocean floor: colorful tropical fish swimming through writhing seaweed, anemone petals, and pinkish coral.But a moment later, her attention fell upon a lone female figure at the opposite end of the hall. The woman was sitting turned to the side, and Nina couldn’t see her face. But her posture, majestic poise, and short gray hair radiated such energy and strength it made Nina tremble, as though it was the queen of England who was expecting her in that small Moscow café. Nina felt like the air itself was electrified by the physical presence of this mysterious Evelina.Nina went closer. The woman didn’t look at her; she was having a leisurely drink of coffee and eating a dessert with gusto, Nina’s view of it partially obstructed by neighboring tables. The last steps Nina took were very difficult, as though she was penetrating an anomalous zone. The air around the woman was marshy and thick, and it felt like Nina’s legs were getting stuck. Nina was getting that strange, dreamy feeling again. But she didn’t have any more time to think about it.“Good evening,” Nina said timidly, approaching the table where Evelina was sitting. “I’m Nina Koretskaya . . .”The woman turned around, and in that moment Nina dug her nails into her palms until it hurt. Get up, wake up! Someone’s familiar voice was calling to her from a distance. She wanted to respond but couldn’t.There at that table with the white tablecloth, on which there were flowers, a bowl of ice cream, and a steaming cup of coffee, sat Eva Giorgievna Vostokova. [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] “Hello,” Eva Giorgievna said to Nina as if nothing was unusual. “Sit.”She indicated a leather armchair next to her couch.“To be honest, we don’t have much time. Other people are coming later, high-ranking officials from the ministry. I have to see them one-on-one. They wouldn’t want any nonessentials hanging around here.”For a while they were both silent. The waiter came over, and Nina ordered a cappuccino with cinnamon.“I simply cannot believe it. You forged seals,” Eva said thoughtfully, picking absently at her ice cream.“It happened,” Nina whispered. She had yet to recover from the shock and was having difficulty speaking. “You understand, it was unavoidable. They asked me to do it. They made me!”“A familiar story.” Eva Giorgievna shook her head. “Circumstances develop in such a way that cause us to commit small undesirable acts, and sometimes they’re even criminal—quite minor, of course, but nonetheless criminally punishable, for which we then later repent. Did I not warn you that the work had to be clean?”“You did,” Nina said, blushing.“Working clean means not having any forged seals or signatures. All of your work must be clean, so that at any moment anyone can examine and find acceptable any document translated by you, or any court protocol, and they can never discover anything they can find fault with. Is that really not clear to you?”“It’s clear,” mumbled Nina. “But . . .”“Of course, this is no longer important now. This is something you should have thought about earlier. And your Ksenia? I’ve been watching her. She’s a racketeer, a petty gangster.” Eva Giorgievna had a disgusted grimace on her face. “She’s a sloppy worker, greedy and devious. And that devious streak means she feels like it’s enough to grab the money and run, not to put in her time as a successful operative. But that doesn’t matter to me,” said Eva Giorgievna, staring at Nina. “It’s your business. I am personally concerned about something quite different: this Ksenia hasn’t paid us a kopeck. It didn’t even enter into her mind to share the money with anyone else except petty functionaries. Kirill always settled up with us before she came along. When she betrayed him, nobody told her about our laws, and we all simply observed with interest how she sank to her depths and waited to see what would happen next. The whole thing was a spectacle for her colleagues.”She paused.“Tell me,” Nina said quietly. “What went on with Kirill? Who killed him?”“Who do you think?”“I think Ksenia did it. I’m quite convinced of this! She had her reasons. I mean, he prowled around Rogozhin all winter, and then he tipped off the prosecutor about us. He followed us everywhere we went. This was my guess a long time ago. Ksenia was very scared of Kirill, and she finally couldn’t hold back anymore, and—”“Ksenia didn’t kill him,” Eva Giorgievna said, gently but firmly cutting her off.“She didn’t?” Nina was confused. “Strange. But who did, then? Did you . . .”“Well? Just say it.”“Did you . . . really?”Eva Giorgievna laughed.“Have you lost your head, darling? Do I really look like a murderer? Kirill and Ksenia had old scores to settle. He had a vested interest, so to speak, so she could have exposed him, punished him, and locked him out, but ultimately Kirill worked for me. It was I who sent him to kick over your friendly anthill in Rogozhin. Why, pray tell, would I kill him?”“Really.” Nina was confused. “Truly, there was no need. But who then could do this? And why did you send Kirill to Rogozhin? I don’t understand.”“Rogozhin is a glorious city. Antique, quiet, not that far from Moscow. It’s not difficult to control, and we have never had any difficulties with it. But one day some people turned up there who didn’t have any respect for us. They didn’t pay us for the work, protection, and help we provided. Your Ksenia, for example. It was time to intervene.”“But if that’s the case, who killed Kirill? Who does that benefit?”“You see, child, Kirill didn’t just tip off the prosecutor about your Ksenia. This blow—this fatal blow—it affects your entire devoted, hardworking collective. And not just them. There are some in Moscow who were very scared. These people worked for years, have gotten accustomed to their comfortable lifestyles, and have earned modest and lovely gifts for themselves. One of them has a little house in Spain, just a small house on the coastline, nothing special, and someone else has a two-story apartment in the Moscow city center, a mere trifle, of course, but the prosecutor’s office would take an interest in these trifles. What else could have been done for these poor frightened people? It isn’t good to talk about the deceased like this, but Kirill was to blame for his own demise: he was too deeply dug in.”“But if you knew everything, couldn’t you do something to protect him? Save him from death?”“I could have, of course. One confidential conversation, a couple calls to the right place, and everything would be as it was. But Kirill turned out to be a reckless boy—who would have thought, right? And this Ksenia of yours got too carried away with revenge. She stopped obeying me completely, took matters into her own hands, and quickly dug a deep hole beneath you, dear Nina. It runs very deep, believe me. You have landed in this pit, and you cannot get out on your own. Ksenia could very well use her money to be crafty and blame everything on you. And you! You have been brokering international adoptions, and that is subject to legal prosecution. And then of course, there are your falsified documents. Those won’t help you avoid pretrial detention.”“That means . . .”“I simply did not intervene at the right time. Everything happened on its own. But why are you so pale? Don’t worry, the killing didn’t happen because of you. I told you, Kirill stopped listening. It appears he became deranged in his fury. He was looking for a way to subjugate the entire Rogozhin region, and I did not care for his behavior at all. I don’t like having to put out fires at work. He was trying to pull a scheme on my secretary over the phone, and that was quite undesirable behavior. I didn’t come to his aid when the chickens in your henhouse began to cluck and flap their wings, and they started thinking seriously about it, and in the end they turned to a competent expert. I hope I have satisfied your curiosity?”Nina nodded. Her cappuccino sat there before her, already cooled, and she took a sip.“But how can it be you?” Nina still hadn’t recovered from the surprise.“I’ve been doing this a long time, since the first foreign family arrived in Russia for a baby many years ago. They were from Spain, and I was their translator. Back then everything was done differently, not like now. There were almost no documents required, and the children were simply handed over to their future parents. I arranged the first adoption myself—it happened quite by accident and was completely free. Then later . . . Many things happened later, and we don’t have time to go into those details. And really, there’s no reason for you to know about it. But if you’re curious, I will tell you this: my late husband represented Russia at the first Hague conference, which addressed the topic of adoption and the passing of basic laws. So at that time he held in his hands the entire organization of international adoptions in Russia. But he died a few years ago, bequeathing the business to me.”“So that means . . .”“Officially, child, I do not do this. But you know how we do business in Russia. Our business depends on big fish. And I”—she sighed—“I am only a mediator between minor and far more significant government figures. It’s just how it turned out, and changing it wouldn’t benefit anyone. Not yet, anyway. Who knows what will happen next? I will tell you this honestly: Rogozhin doesn’t alarm me. It is simply not at my level. Does that make sense? But I’m receiving disturbing signals from there, and if the cleanup had been done by someone other than me, you would not be sitting here, and you certainly wouldn’t be drinking cappuccino with cinnamon. Alas, I can tell you no more.”Eva Giorgievna looked at her wrist, where a tiny platinum watch sparkled. Nina figured her time was up, and that she needed to make her farewell.“Thank you,” she whispered, feeling like she was going to cry. “Thank you so much.”“But I didn’t invite you here for no reason,” said Eva Giorgievna, staring at Nina, apparently not ready to let her go.“Not for no reason?”“Of course not. Not just to tell you all of this.”Nina looked at Eva Giorgievna.“You see, Nina, an important event took place not long ago in my life. I’m eighty years old.”“Eighty?” Nina couldn’t believe her ears. “It can’t be! I thought . . .”“Everyone thinks so. I don’t look a day over sixty, but if you only knew what effort it takes to keep a woman of my age in good shape. What strength and what money . . . But this doesn’t have anything to do with it either. I’m thinking of another event entirely. Shortly before the jubilee, I underwent some tests and evaluations, which showed that I am ill with a very unpleasant disease. Best-case scenario, I might make it a year.”“How can you speak so calmly about this?” Nina involuntarily raised her voice, and the guard at the entrance turned in their direction. “There are doctors, clinics . . .”“I have already been to the best doctors and the best clinics. There are some problems that are impossible to solve, even with money. My disease is one of them. I have no chance and no hope, believe me.”“I . . .”“Just don’t feel sorry for me, for God’s sake.” Eva Giorgievna waved her arms in a plea. “This is only the preface, without which it is impossible to talk about the main thing. I wanted to talk to you, Nina, not about my illness, but about something else: you personally. Are you ready to listen?”“Yes.” Nina nodded. “I’m ready.”“Here’s what I want to tell you . . .”Eva Giorgievna took a significant pause, giving Nina the chance to fully gather her attention and focus on the words.“Henceforth, your life will unfold as follows. You will gradually complete your work in Rogozhin. You and Ksenia will place the children who are already scheduled for adoption, only a little later, when everything has calmed down, and nobody will interfere. Everything must be quiet, accurate. Clean. You will give the documents to another translator—I will give you directions over the phone—and generally speaking you will not trouble yourself with anything. Just promise me two things, okay?”“Of course,” said Nina hurriedly. “What are they?”“Do not trust that Ksenia of yours and make no mistakes. That’s the first thing. The second thing is this: it is imperative that you do something more appropriate than running around like a fool in Rogozhin.”“Why do you consider that inappropriate?”“Mainly because it’s not what interests you. In life—especially in young life—it’s important to occupy yourself with what lies in your heart. Mediation in distasteful foreign business, it’s not for you. Instead, I’m prepared to offer you something better.”Eva Giorgievna paused again. Nina got the feeling she was having difficulty speaking.It’s time to wrap this up, Nina thought. She can’t get too tired. She still has another meeting ahead of her!“I don’t have any children, you know,” Eva Giorgievna continued. “And there’s nobody for me to pass on all I’ve managed to accumulate. I’m not referring to the apartment here or the one in Barcelona, or the money, or all the trinkets—those I am bequeathing to a certain charitable fund that I trust implicitly. My people will keep a close eye on it, just in case. I have something different in mind: there’s no one to whom I can pass on my unique library and the valuable information I possess. Someone has to take my place in this nefarious little world, where fates are determined and everyone is swimming in money. This little world needs to be managed, and the person who replaces me must be approved by me personally as my successor. You will take my place. The old sorceress”—she smiled—“is obliged to find a worthy apprentice and pass on her gift of magic. After much necessary reflection, I came to the conclusion that there is only one person I trust implicitly, a sensible, decent person who is capable of accepting this sublime gift and taking charge of it wisely, without wrecking her life or anyone else’s. It’s a magical gift, as you know, this overwhelming power, capable of such great good, and also able to bring forth such destruction.” For a little while they sat there motionless, staring at each other.Eva Giorgievna waited for Nina to fully comprehend her meaning and react first.“Eva Giorgievna”—Nina pressed her hand to her heart—“I thank you enormously. But believe me, you are overestimating me. I’m not that kind of person. I don’t know exactly what’s going on here, but I don’t think I can handle it. I’m not a businessperson or an official. I can’t control regions or keep all sorts of figures in my head. You understand this. You know me!”“You’re right,” Eva Giorgievna said firmly. “In our business we need a monarch. This is Russia, after all. But nobody requires a monarch to be a businessperson or a manager. Those things will be taken care of by other people, like my assistant and my secretary. It is in their best interests for everything to remain just the way it is under me. A monarch must only be a monarch. I still have a little time left to live, and I will give you all my business and introduce you to the necessary people. I will bring you, as we say, into the course of our affairs. All of this will require a huge amount of time and energy, intense focus of your attention, complete efficiency. This will be, if you’re willing, a sort of business residency. But then I will die with a clean conscience.”You’re being recruited into something you don’t fully understand, a voice whispered quietly in her ear, the voice of the past, of a nearly forgotten Nina, who would be gone forever in a few moments. Something terrifying is happening here. You need to think of something quickly and decline the offer!“But I can’t just hand myself over to your business completely,” Nina said firmly, looking bravely into the deep, peaceful eyes of Eva Giorgievna. “I have other plans, very important ones. Taking your place would mean I would have to forget about them. I already tried that, and it was very difficult for me. I felt like I was betraying myself.”“Your plans will not be affected, and you will not be betraying yourself,” Vostokova said slowly. Her heavy eyes penetrated directly into Nina’s soul. The timid inner voice fell silent, and Nina felt a moment of fear.“A substantial effort will be required only at the beginning. It will require an investment of a year, or even half a year, to comprehend everything the way you will need to. You can just set aside this time—for half a year you won’t belong to yourself. But then money will manifest for you, big money. Invest the time, and then you can quietly write your book.”“My book?” Nina didn’t understand.“Of course, that book about Salvador Dalí. About the authentic Salvador Dalí instead of the mockery he made of himself, as he said in his own words.”How does she know about the book? Nina wondered feverishly. Did I actually tell her about that?“I’ll give you the right contacts in Spain. You will be connected with them, and they will help you.”“But I’ll still need to find a publisher for the book.” Nina was doubtful. She was out of sorts and grabbed on to the book as the only thread of redemption in the conversation. “And publishing these days is very difficult. Almost impossible.”“By no means should you worry about this. You can publish the book at your own expense, which I will show you how to do—in Russia right now that’s the most promising and serious kind of publishing—and then you can have it distributed so that it’s sold on every street corner. It will be bought like a bestseller. Like The Da Vinci Code. By that time, you’ll have amassed enough money and connections with the people you need to help you—in exchange, of course, for your help in their affairs. Old Dalí will discover new life: many millions of readers will see him through a different lens and fall in love again. And in the future,” Vostokova continued, “after you’ve settled into your new role entirely, you can write another book, about adoption. If that’s what you want, of course.”“About adoption?” Nina smiled bitterly. “Interesting. I already have a title for it: Fish Speak Spanish Silently. It’s the slogan of the Cervantes Institute. But I’m afraid if I describe everything I saw and know, it will all get shut down.”“They will be shutting down independent adoptions—that has already been decided. Your Ksenia is coming to the end of her days. But there will be agencies opening all over Russia. We are very, very interested in these right now and will do everything possible to help them. They are much easier to control. Independent adoptions are one big debacle; you know this better than I. Everyone is tired of them. Their time has passed.”The phone on the table rang. Eva Giorgievna picked up her phone—an elegant diamond-studded model—and pressed the button.“Yes, Vasya. They’ve just arrived? Nothing to worry about, just hold them for a little bit.”There was the sound of a car’s brakes outside. Eva Giorgievna raised her head.“Well, that’s it.” She looked at Nina. “Know this: I’m not going to rush you. You need to think everything through and make your own decision. When you have everything figured out, call me. Only, you can’t drag this out, you understand.”Nina nodded. She wanted to bask in the glow of this magnificent woman, to sit with her in that tiny, cozy café, where there weren’t any patrons, with the exception of Pavel, who was waiting for Nina by the door.“Good-bye,” she said quietly as she stood up.“Bye, my sweet Nina.” Eva Giorgievna raised her hand to wave. “Until we meet again. Soon.” [image file=image_rsrc31R.jpg] Nina went outside. It was already getting dark, and the air was filled with a thick copper glow, like a clear chalice being filled with strong red tea. It was Saturday evening, and an unseen bell was ringing beneath the roof of a church somewhere in the distance. A flock of pigeons rose up from the pavement, making a gentle fluttering sound.Nina had a feeling of emptiness, and it was light and blissful. It was similar to the feeling a person has moments after narrowly escaping danger. The dark spell had lifted, and the shadows were receding back to where they ought to be, according to the laws of the universe—to its most outer limits. Away from Nina, to that place where a world exists that is inhabited by blind monsters, rustling noises, and unsettling dreams.Nina got the answers to her questions, and the world filled with peace and harmony.It felt like she had acquired something huge and priceless, for which she would be beholden to her patron for the rest of her life. And at the same time she lost something very important and dear, and the loss was unbearable. Like when she was a child, at the end of the school year, when, after all the lessons, the tests, and the catching of colds, the windows previously tightened with hoarfrost suddenly opened up before her onto the limitless, free, so-very-promising joy of summer vacation, but once she accepted it, she didn’t find anything besides fatigue and boredom.For a moment Nina’s head was spinning. She lost awareness of where she was and where she was going, and she stopped and looked around, perplexed.“Do you need a ride?” Pavel had also stepped out of the café.“Thank you,” Nina answered. “I’ll find my own way. On foot. I feel like stretching my legs.”“Yes, it’s wonderful weather. The nearest metro station is Clean Ponds. It’s this way.” Pavel nodded to the left.“Look, poplar fluff.” Nina kicked her toe at the pavement. “It’s early this year.” A white cloud flew up from under her foot. “Beautiful. Like winter all over again.”“Winter never leaves us,” Pavel said.“Fall asleep in summer and wake in winter.” Nina smiled. “Good-bye!”“All the best, Nina. I hope to see you soon.”She headed down the sidewalk to the metro.Summer vacations, endless and happy—nobody had ever offered her such a thing. Nobody ever, and she needed to accept this treasure without hesitation, like an inheritance of multimillions, because these vacations could really come into being because of it, and she had a right to them.She was holding a crown in her hands, but instead of joy she felt disappointment.Most likely she would refuse. How could she take this gift? It was meant for someone more worthy. For someone who had always dreamed of it. Nina was quite different; she had a hard time understanding what she was being offered or even focusing on it. And besides that, she wanted to go to Spain that summer, visit Kristina, and go for a walk with her in Cadaqués, then go to the sea, and after the sea she would sit for a long, long time on the veranda of the little white house in the photographs she had seen in Ozeretsk. If she refused, Vostokova would be able to line up another candidate in an instant. It wouldn’t be difficult to find somebody, Nina had no doubt. Nina was a casual person. What happened here was simple: Nina had regained control of her situation at just the right moment, and Vostokova had made a rushed choice. She was mistaken about Nina. It was somebody else she needed, of course. She had misjudged Nina. But what an evening, with the crimson sun beating down on the roofs of all the buildings, and even the prolonged ringing of the bells. In a few minutes it would become dark and cool, the sun would disappear, and a dark blue would take its place. But those few minutes were enough. She had time to get to the metro surrounded by light.Nina had a conversation in her head as she walked. She got that feeling again that she used to get in childhood: it was only back then, so long ago, that her feet hit the ground so unhurried and carefree, and time was as precious as the gold nugget from the banks of the Yana River and couldn’t be bought for money, and nothing in the world could weigh her down.Nina kept walking, and the poplar fluff fell to the ground like warm, blowing snow.ABOUT THE AUTHOR [image file=image_rsrc31S.jpg] Nadezhda Belenkaya was born in Moscow and has a degree in Hispanic studies and literary translation from the Gorky Literary Institute. She is the author of more than twenty short stories and novelettes. She has also translated many essays and novels from Spanish to her native Russian.Wake in Winter is Belenkaya’s first novel. She currently resides in Moscow.ABOUT THE TRANSLATOR [image file=image_rsrc31T.jpg] Andrea Gregovich is a writer and translator living in Anchorage, Alaska. She has published numerous translated short stories and essays in journals and anthologies, and her first translated novel, USSR by Vladimir Kozlov, was published by Fiction Advocate in 2014. She also blogs and is editing a collection of essays about the art of professional wrestling and is writing a book called Skeletons of Nicksville about her grandfather, a notorious Southern Arizona cowboy, who was one of the first pilots in history to experiment with cloud seeding.