Title : The Zoo: An Allegorical Adventure
Author: Black, Stephen




THE ZOOAn Allegorical AdventureStephen BlackCopyright © 2014 Stephen BlackAll rights reserved.Amazon EditionAmazon Edition, License NotesThank you for downloading this eBook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.DEDICATIONTo my father for his timeless and enduring values and to my lovely wife for her support and encouragement, without which, this book would not have been created.TABLE OF CONTENTSPrologue1 – RECOLLECTIONS2 – DISCOVERY3 – THE ZOO AND ITS INHABITANTS4 – LARRY’S ARRIVAL5 – LARRY TAKES CENTER STAGE6 – A SENSE OF DISHARMONY7 – LARRY TAUNTS VICTOR8 – THE ZOO’S JOVIAL ATMOSPHERE DISSOLVES9 – TURMOIL IN THE ZOO10 – ESCAPE FROM THE ZOO11 – CHAOS SPREADS ACROSS THE CITY12 – A CITY IN TURMOIL13 – THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT AND TIPPING POINTS14 – A PLAGUE BEFALLS THE CITY15 – A NATIONAL EMERGENCY16 – LARRY’S COMEUPPANCE17 – A CITY DESTROYED18 – A NEW VISIONALSO BY STEPHEN BLACKBUY THE BOOKSample Chapter from  FINAL BALANCEABOUT THE AUTHORPrologueThis is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.1 – RECOLLECTIONSTHE SMALL BOAT bounced about over the waves and surf as it approached the extended pier. Once the boat was docked and fastened securely, an old man and a young boy climbed out and examined their surroundings. The boy had just turned fifteen and his grandfather had decided it was time to show him this place.“Grandpa, is this the place you wanted to show me?” asked the young boy.“This is the place of my youth, a place of what was, what is, and in time, what can be.” said the old man with a self-assured manner. “For some time, I’ve wanted to take you on a tour of this land, when you were ready, so you can see and experience everything that was and is now here.”“I am ready to see it all!” said the young boy with enthusiasm.So, the old man and the young boy lifted their backpacks, walked the length of the pier, and headed off in a northerly direction to begin their journey across the desolate and barren landscape that surrounded them in all directions.It had been quite a journey to reach this place. The morning had started with a long drive from the countryside followed by an hour long boat trip to reach the pier and the outer limits of this place. And, it was midday before they finally reached their destination. The sun now high overhead, illuminated the surrounding area, south, west and north of the pier. As the young boy looked across the horizon to the west, all he could see were the scattered and broken remains of tall structures, of what had once been architectural wonders and feats of great accomplishments. At one time, these had been the high rise buildings and skyscrapers of a vibrant and energetic city.Yet, as the boy looked off in the distance, all he could see were collapsed piles of concrete and marble in some places, and the skeletal remains of tall steel structures in other places. Despite all the ruins appearing in every direction he looked, the boy had a general sense that this had, at one time, been a place of significance. “Many years ago, this place was a great center of financial and commercial activity.” said the old man with an air of confidence.  “It was the manufacturing hub, from which came profound industrial innovations. It was a source of artistic creation and societal advancement.  It was a vibrant metropolis, one full of life, energy and optimism.”Yet, now this place had only the look of a desolate, abandoned, and deserted city. It was not even a faint shadow of its former self. Where there had been roads and expressways, subway stations and trains, shopping districts and office centers, now stood an aged mass of concrete and rubble dispersed in all directions.  Museums that had attracted millions of visitors now were just piles of rocks and stone covered in black soot and heaps of overgrown vegetation. Where there had been luxurious lake front condominiums and bungalows, trendy restaurants and night life, sports arenas and retail centers, now stood an array of hollowed out cores. In fact, all that really remained of what had been was the view to the east, out over the lake.  Had one looked solely in that direction, it would appear that nothing had changed.To explore this place, the old man and the young boy would have to do a significant amount of hiking and climbing over rough terrain. Former streets and walkways were now replaced by cracked and broken pieces of concrete and tall grasses, and the landscape was particularly uneven in places, so one had to be sure of one’s footing when navigating this landscape. However, before long, the old man and the young boy became accustomed to the irregular surface, and proceeded off in a northerly direction along the coast.  As they walked on, there was a slight breeze blowing off the lake, and beneath the warm summer sun, this had a comforting and cooling effect.One of the first sites they came across was a large industrial looking area situated next to a long stretch of rocky beach.“What was that structure and why was it next to the beach?” asked the young boy with a tone of inquisitiveness in his voice.“It was once the central distribution center for an enormous supply of water to millions of people in this area. The beach you see was a place where people came to in the summer months to relax and enjoy themselves, away from all the hubbub and commotion of the city.” exclaimed the old man.“Well, what happened here?” asked the boy. “Why did the people leave and where did they go?”The old man paused for a moment.  He had a contemplative expression on his face, one of both positive recollection and at the same time sorrowful regret. The boy’s questions triggered an array of fond memories and reminiscences as well as a number of painful insights. With an optimistic look on his face, he addressed the boy.“I will answer all your questions in time, but first let us move forward on our journey. We have much to see and experience, and only by experiencing everything around us, will you begin to understand what happened here and why.”2 – DISCOVERYTHE OLD MAN was of moderate stature with smooth, thick gray hair.  His eyes were steel blue in color, and he had a certain, determined presence about him.  His mannerisms and facial expressions had a definite level of consistency about them. Aside from a gradual pacing of his movements, he was relatively agile and healthy. As he walked, he exhibited a certain aura about him, one of steadfastness and integrity.  In his youth, Dan Goodman was a handsome man, and underneath the years of wear, all this was still apparent.  The young boy, Alexander, his grandson had just turned fifteen, and he shared many a resemblance to the older man. With his medium build and height and thick dark brown hair, he was a reminder of what Dan had looked like in his youth.Alexander was a bright and inquisitive boy and Dan intended for some time, to take him to this forgotten city. However, only when he was ready to fully experience and appreciate the significance of what he would see, would the two make the arduous journey.  This city had long been abandoned, and exploration here required not only physical strength and endurance, but also a certain level of mental toughness. Alexander was a now contemplative and energetic youth, ready for these challenges and experiences.After the two had passed by the old water treatment site, they made their way across a vast stretch of low lying overgrown fields adjacent to the shoreline.  It was now approaching late afternoon, and both were thirsty from the difficult walk through rugged terrain in the hot afternoon sun. So, they stopped for a short while to sip some bottled water and take in their surroundings. It was one of those picture perfect days with clear blue skies, absent of any clouds. As they looked about, the sun’s rays brightly illuminated the sandy stretches of beach and rocks interspersed along the coast, and the deep blue water had an almost iridescent nature about it. The sand had more of a grainy texture to it, but was more than suitable for the sandpipers that scurried back and forth, dodging the waves while looking for something to eat. The gentle movement of the air and faint sounds of gulls in the distance were both pleasurable and engaging. In short, this was an ideal day to explore this area and its remains.After Dan and Alexander were fully refreshed, they continued onwards. With the pleasant air, and the sights and sounds of the shoreline on their right, they passed by miles of decaying rubble and building remnants on their left. The stark contrast between these two panoramas was almost incomprehensible.  Looking at the coast and shoreline, one would have imagined this still to be a place of leisure and happiness. Yet, a single glance back towards the city and inner coastline, brought one back to the lingering reminder of what's now left from the past devastation and destruction.“At one time, this was a golden coast where the city’s most prominent residents occupied high rise apartments and condominiums. It was the most desirable place to live due to its proximity to the shore and the city center. Residents here had access to the city’s finest restaurants and shops, all just a few blocks away from the beach and shoreline for boating, biking, jogging and all sorts of other recreational activities.” said Dan Goodman.“Was this also a popular place for travelers and visitors?” asked Alexander with open-eyed interest.“Indeed, it was!  People from all over would come here, especially in the summer months and in fall. Those were the best times to experience this place, as the mild temperatures and cool breezes off the water filled the area with an atmosphere of liveliness and enthusiasm, and the autumn foliage amidst the city backdrop was simply spectacular.” replied Dan.The two continued to make their way northwards, until they came to a vast open stretch of land on their left.  It was filled with shrubs, trees and tall grasses, in the center of which was a long and narrow pond. Dan and Alexander then veered away from the shoreline and headed inland toward the direction of the open space and the pond, and then continued onwards until they stumbled upon a number of what appeared to be broken down brick buildings and metal cages.“Grandpa, what are all those mounds of bricks doing over there?” asked Alexander with curious look on his face.“Alexander, this is where some say it all started.” replied Dan.“What do you mean? Were it all started … What started?” said Alexander.“Well, there’s still some debate about the matter, and no one really has a definitive knowledge about the exact cause, but its generally considered that the downfall and destruction that you see all around us today, actually started on the spot we are now standing upon.” replied Dan.“All this destruction started right here, in this one spot?  How can that be? The scale and vastness of this devastation is so massive, and it all started where we’re standing now … that’s just amazing! Grandpa, so are you saying there was some sort of event or change that took place here and that’s what caused everything around us to be what it is now?” inquired Alexander enthusiastically.“Well … yes, something along those lines. We’re standing on what was once one of world’s largest and most famous zoos. It housed all sorts of animals, and people came from all around the globe to see the delightful animals in this zoo. In fact, because of its renown, many of the other zoos across the country sent animals from their zoos to be put on display here at this zoo.” said Dan.“What was the name of this zoo?” asked Alexander.“It was called the City Zoo.”“Well, it must have had some very interesting animals. What kinds of animals were in this Zoo?”“Well, there were all sorts of common and exotic animals: elephants, snakes, monkeys, horses, sheep, goats, birds, giraffes, zebras, lions, bears, horses, and the like.  You name it. If it could be held in captivity here, it was here. The Zoo held certain animals for periods of time, then returned or exchanged the animals for other animals. It was quite the spectacle, especially when a new animal arrived at the Zoo. Special ceremonies were held on such an occasion, and entertainment venues were set up all over the Zoo to entertain and amuse the visitors. The Zoo even had a resident clown that did performances with some of the animals, and obviously they had a veterinarian that took care of the health of the animals.” replied Dan.“Hmm … that sounds all quite normal for a zoo. So, what made this Zoo so exceptional, and how in the world, could one Zoo like this cause so much of the change all around us?” asked a perplexed Alexander.“Ah, my boy, that’s where things get really interesting. It all started on a Saturday afternoon in late autumn. The Zoo had just received a new arrival, a rare and unique species of monkey. In fact, the Zoo had never seen a monkey like this before. Well, this monkey was quite different than most monkeys. On the surface, he looked like any other monkey. However, he had an air about him and a natural sense of attracting and entertaining the crowds. When he was entertaining, he’d hold his head high and proud, and prance around the stage with a tone of elegance.  You might even say he was an ‘elegant monkey.’ ” said Dan.“Now, this monkey’s name was Larry and he really had a way with the crowds. He had manners and gestures and mouth and body movements, and you would almost think he was human. He had such a way with the visitors that he was a must see for anyone coming to this Zoo. And, boy oh boy, did the people love him.  After his arrival at the Zoo, he was the star attraction, the must see spectacle. And, you know what ... he loved all the attention.”“Well, Jake the Clown, the Zoo’s resident clown, was really excited about the arrival of this new monkey. Jake the Clown took an immediate attraction towards Larry, and in no time short, these two became great friends at the Zoo. Many times, even when it was not an event day, Jake the Clown and Larry could be seen together. And when it was an event day, Jake the Clown could be seen to be all smiling and goofing around with Larry, they really were quite the pair.  Many visitors would make a special trip just to get a photo of the two together. On occasion, some visitors actually took photos with the two of them.  And by gosh, wouldn’t you know it, one day Larry actually grabbed the cell phone from one of the park goers and started pushing buttons and snapping pictures of himself and the crowd. Apparently, it was quite a sight to see.” said Dan.“A monkey taking pictures of himself, that certainly is unique!” said Alexander. “What other types of animals, were in this Zoo?”“All types, varieties and species, and many of them had names. There was Nadine the Parrot.  Nadine was a large and colorful bird, with bright blue, green, yellow, and red feathers. As one would expect from a parrot, she repeated everything she heard from all sorts of places. When she first came to the Zoo, the visitors were impressed with such a broad range of vocabulary coming from a simple parrot. However, as she got older, Nadine had a tendency to mix up phrases and jumble expressions that you’d have no idea of what or where she possibly could have heard any of what she said. In her earlier days, she would repeat things like ‘Nadine want a cracker’ or ‘Are we ready to eat?’ or ‘See the new elephant’. While in her later days, she’d come out with such nonsensical things like ’Nadine eat the elephant’ or ‘Ready see eat Nadine.’ ” said Dan.“So, it sounds like she was getting a bit senile as she aged.” said Alexander amusingly. “Did Nadine get along with the other animals?”“Some of the animals were actually disturbed by her incessant talking, while others simply ignored her. A few seemed to find some interest in the sounds she made. The thing is Nadine the Parrot, Larry the Monkey, and Jake the Clown all got along very well, and on show days, you’d have Jake the Clown with Nadine on his shoulder and Larry in his hand, all three of them dancing in circles, to the amusement of the crowds. Jake the Clown beamed with his characteristic smile, Nadine yelled out with her parroted words of wisdom, and Larry with his head held high, waved his arms and legs about with his supercilious gestures and movements. Watching these three perform together was quite a spectacle!” exclaimed Dan.“What other kinds of interesting animals were in the Zoo?” inquired Alexander.“There were other memorable animals one of which was a snake named Hostility. She was a really large, ten foot long pit viper with big round eyes and a wide body that significantly increased in girth longitudinally. She had a tendency to slither about and coil at a moment’s notice, and many of the keepers kept their distance. Not that anyone had seen her personally strike, but the intimidation factor alone was enough for many to remain leery. It was also said that while a fair number of the animals in the Zoo tolerated her, many realized she was a dangerous venomous viper, and the wiser animals kept their distance. Rumor had it, many years ago, there was a weasel named Vinnie in a cage not too far from Hostility’s cage who had disappeared one evening and was never found.  Nothing was actually traced back to Hostility, but some had their doubts. At any rate, this was a Zoo and snakes are animals too. So, they had to let her stay and remain on display.” said Dan.“Were there any other interesting ones worth mentioning?” asked Alexander.“I would be remiss, if I hadn’t mentioned the donkey named Karl.  Karl was always and everywhere braying about, and this had a tendency to annoy many of the other animals in close proximity as well as those within long distance earshot! Like Larry, Karl was a real show boat and loved being the center of attention.  It was said that with all his attitude and bravado, Karl fancied himself a prime thoroughbred racehorse. But all one had to do was take one look at him, and you immediately saw the comical disconnect. He certainly lacked the physical attributes, and even for a donkey, his eyes, jaw and chin seemed out of proportion.  About the only similarity you could find where he possibly resembled a thoroughbred, was that he had quite a large frame and legs for a donkey, but that just added to the hilarity. Then again, it was indeed a Zoo and his oddities certainly served the purpose of attracting visitors, if only to laugh at his appearance and mannerisms.” said Dan.“Now, not all the animals in the Zoo were such characters. There were lots of ordinary animals that meandered about their cages, passing the time and enjoying their meals and daily rituals. You had goats and sheep, elephants and giraffes, penguins and sea lions as well as hundreds of others that were simply there as part of the overall experience.”“Well, I can see now, why that Zoo attracted so much interest. You had quite a variety and a few really unique ones. We’re there any other distinctive animals in that Zoo?” asked Alexander.“Alexander, yes there were.” said Dan. “There was a Bear named Victor. He was most unique. Victor had all of the physical attributes you would expect in a bear: physical strength and a tough physique, dexterity and agility, and a bold and dignified appearance. On many days, Victor could be seen moving about and engaging his environment, yet beyond the surface, there seemed to be a certain level of methodical thought to his movements. Victor was more refined, and much less reserved than that of the typical bear.  He seemed to enjoy interacting with the visitors as they passed by, and he certainly seemed more approachable and engaging than most of the other animals.  Perhaps that’s why he was in this Zoo.”Dan then paused for a moment. It had been getting late in the afternoon, and they needed to find a place to rest and set up camp for the evening.“Alexander, there’s much more to this story. Let’s move on a little further and find a nice place to set ourselves down for the evening where we can continue this conversation.”So, the two headed off back in the direction of the shoreline. They passed a few tall oak trees with leaves swaying in the late afternoon summer breeze as they navigated their way back through the open fields. The sun was now entering the western sky, and the cool air coming off the lake felt refreshing.  Soon they found a pleasant spot on the beach and began to unpack their backpacks and prepare for an evening dinner by the shore.3 – THE ZOO AND ITS INHABITANTSTHE BEACH AND the coastline stretched for miles, as far as the eye could see. At one time, it was a popular gathering place, where city residents and other visitors would come to enjoy the summer months. Various residential neighborhoods lined the coast, which also contained pockets of boat marinas, walking parks, biking trails, and interspersed beaches. On many days, the entire scene was filled with beachgoers, boaters, wind surfers, young people playing volleyball, and those of all ages there just to soak in the sun. The clear deep blue water was typical for this area of the coast.  Off in the distance, were a few isolated, puffy white clouds set in a backdrop of royal blue sky. Gazing out toward the open expanse of water, it all looked just as it was back then. Yet, when looking toward direction of the city, and up and down the coastline, it was an entirely different perception. One saw another world, one of man-made decay interspersed with nature reclaiming its own.Dan and Alexander settled upon a smooth stretch of beach not too distant from the Zoo grounds, which were located about a quarter of a mile inland from where they now stood. Visitors to this place were few and far between, partly due to the long stretch of time where it was forbidden to come here. Even now, very few people came, as the trip is not without certain risks. Occasional bands of ruffians have been known to pose a threat, and without any nearby infrastructure, services or support facilities, anyone coming to this place is on their own in terms of food, supplies, water and personal safety. Aside from that, it’s certainly not the attraction it was when it was a glowing vibrant city full of life and energy.After Dan and Alexander had unpacked their backpacks, they started to set up camp. Each had brought with them a sleeping bag and enough food, water and snacks to last three days. Given the limited resources, they would need to make the most of their time in this place. Alexander then asked his grandfather to continue on with his story about the Zoo.“Grandpa, what else made that Zoo so special?” inquired Alexander.“Alexander, the Zoo was also distinctive because of its proximity. Situated close to the shoreline and near the city streets and neighborhoods, it was perfectly positioned to attract all sorts of visitors, at every time of year. During the holiday season, the trees in the Zoo would be lit up with Christmas lights and decorations, which made for a perfect evening stroll though the park. In addition, local residents and tourists had easy access to the grounds, and at the same time could enjoy a walk along the coast, before or after visiting the Zoo. On top of all that, the Zoo had such an extraordinary and varied collection of animals that it stood out as a central city attraction bringing in visitors from all parts of the globe and of all ages, races, and demographics. It was a place that brought diverse groups of people and various cultures together, all sharing time and enjoying the moments of life.” said Dan.“I should also mention there were other animals; that while not technically ‘in the Zoo,’ lived in the surrounding areas of the Zoo. There were all sorts of birds including hawks, blue jays, cardinals, swallows, eastern bluebirds, herons and egrets, seagulls, crows, sparrows of all kinds, and more. All these birds lived in and around the trees of the Zoo, or nearby along the coastline, such that it was a common sight to see all these various species as one walked around the Zoo pathways and grounds. In the middle of the Zoo, there was a tall majestic oak tree, some two hundred years old with a broad, thick trunk and a wide panoramic tree-top, and bright green foliage. This tree predated the formation of the Zoo, so it was likely the longest living inhabitant of the place.”“Well, this tree was frequented by a large black crow.  For many years, visitors that came to the Zoo also came to see this tree, and after a number of years, the crow could so consistently be seen atop this tree, that visitors began to look upon this crow as one of the Zoo’s inhabitants. They even gave him a name, and the crow became to be known to all the visitors as McAlister the Crow. Now, McAlister was in his own right, quite unique. He had such a wide range of cackling sounds, that when visitors approached the tree, many felt he was speaking to them specifically.  He was also quite the bully. At times, he would not hesitate to look directly at the visitors with his piercing black eyes, and threaten them with his loud cackling voice, and dart towards them as he took flight.  Like other crows, he was both cunning and tactical, and fed off of the death of other animals.”“He sounds like a nasty old crow to me. Why did the zookeepers let McAlister stay if he fed on the other animals?” interrupted Alexander.“Well, Alexander, crows don’t actually do the killing themselves, they let other animals do the killing and then feed off the remains. In that regard, they are really quite powerless without the support of birds of prey like falcons, hawks and ospreys. So, what could the zookeepers do, but leave him there? He was really not a direct threat to the animals in the Zoo, just an opportunist that takes advantage of the situation around him.” replied Dan with a subtle grin.“So, I see the visiting crowds paid McAlister some attention, but what was the reaction of the other animals in the Zoo?  Did his cackling annoy them and did they pay any attention to him?” asked Alexander.“The other animals in the Zoo tolerated his cackling, yet feared him not. Jake the Clown on the other hand, liked to taunt him quite a bit. On performance days, Jake the Clown would roam the animal park trails, entertaining the visitors with his gesticulations and ever persistent smile, and when he came to the tree that McAlister frequented, he would engage in a mock conversation with McAlister. Every time McAlister would cackle, Jake the Clown would cackle right back, and after a time, the ensuing laughter of the crowd of onlookers would become so great, that McAlister became annoyed and flew away to another part of the Zoo. McAlister apparently did not like being outdone. In this regard, Jake the Clown was true to form: the outward appearance of a clown that promotes fun and joviality, but underneath the makeup and persona, lies an undisclosed other side, which at times, can be quite dark and sinister.” said Dan.“So, are these all of the various animals that were in the Zoo?” asked Alexander.“Well, there were other animals, which resided in the Zoo, primarily at night. These included the rats that covered the whole of the city landscape, not just the Zoo. Early on, the rats were not so numerous, but as the population of the city increased, they became much more prevalent. In fact, so much so, that at one point, the city dwellers felt there were more rats inhabiting the city than residents. Many of these rats could be seen, mostly at night skulking in alleys and sewers and lurking about along the riverways through the city. There was however, one large out-sized rat that was so bold, he feared not to show his body at any time of day. Here again, the city dwellers gave him a name as he was so easily recognized, and that name was Roy the Rat.” said Dan.“Did Roy ever try to harm anyone or the animals?” asked Alexander.“Roy never attacked the people or the animals, if that’s what you mean.” said Dan, with raised brows.  “Roy was mainly interested in picking through and feasting on trash and litter.”With that Dan turned toward the early evening sky and said “Alexander, we have spoken much about this city, the Zoo and its inhabitants, and there is much more to tell, but it’s getting late, and we need to fix some dinner and get some rest, as we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow.”And so, the two unwrapped and devoured some ham and cheese sandwiches they packed for the trip. The sun was now far off in the western sky, and the horizon was tinged with a mixture of bright orange and deep navy blue coloring, that soon gave way to faint orange and dark blue, and finally to all black. Overhead, the clear night sky was lit up with bright twinkling stars, and Dan began pointing out to Alexander the various constellations – Aries, Orion’s Belt, the Big Dipper, the Little Dipper and Canis Major, which contained the brightest star in the night sky, Sirius. Underneath this luminous canopy, the two retired for the evening, listening to the surf and gentle waves cresting on the shoreline.4 – LARRY’S ARRIVALIT WAS EARLY morning, with the sun still beneath the horizon, when Dan and Alexander awoke from their evening respite. The two of them then stood up from their evening slumber and paused for a moment to take in the morning’s onset. As they glanced out across the lake, the most amazing spectrum of colors filled the skyline – greens and yellows that gradually turned into pinks, reds, oranges, and finally light blues. The sky was ablaze with color and clouds bursting forth high above the waterline far, far off in the distance. The setting was serene, if not transcendental.  Seagulls and terns glided back and forth overhead and sandpipers and plovers lined the shore in search of their morning meal. All of Nature’s creations seemed to delight in the dawn of the new day. As Dan and Alexander began to move about, they caught a glimpse of what lay immediately behind them – the haunting stillness of a hollowed out corpse of a city whose time was long past. It was only then, their thoughts returned to the reason they had come to this place.  They meandered about, stretching their legs a bit, and then sat down for their own morning meal.Dan and Alexander pulled some foodstuffs from their packs, consisting of bagels and a few pieces of cheese, which in this place was as good as a king’s feast in many other parts of the world. When packing for this trip, Dan had planned in advance to have enough provisions and water to last a full three days, as he knew the prospects of finding any other source of sustenance were near impossible. He was also keenly aware of the need to pack personal protection in the event that he and Alexander ran across any unintended visitors, human or otherwise.After a sumptuous breakfast and some sips of water, they packed up their provisions and camp site and headed a little further up the coast, proceeding at a gradual pace allowing time for contemplative reflection and immersion into the environment. After a short while, they reached what appeared to be the concrete foundations of a small harborside boat marina. Much of the concrete foundations were still intact, however along the water’s edge, lay mostly broken and cracked pieces of rubble interlaced with mounds of dirt and grasses. It was at this point, they continued their conversation on the strange occurrences that took place at the Zoo, such a long time ago.“Grandpa, what exactly happened at that Zoo?” inquired Alexander. “How in the world could it have had any possible relation to what I see all around me here today?”With a look of earnestness on his face, Dan said “Alexander, those are a very good questions and I will explain it as I understand it. You see, there’s a chain of events that took place, and seemingly no single one of these had such an enormous impact, but collectively over time, the events led in a direction that resulted in what you see today, all around us. So, I’ll start with, what many felt was the initial source, and go from there.”“Alright, I can’t wait to hear how of all this transpired!” the boy robustly replied.“You recall, we spoke of the Zoo and the animals that inhabited the Zoo, and the arrival of a new species of monkey named Larry. Well, as soon as Larry arrived at the Zoo, he was popular and admired by all, and it did not take long for the visitors to take a liking to him. What was curious was no one exactly knew where he came from. The Zoo’s rules and regulations required paperwork on all animals entering and leaving the Zoo, as that’s needed to ensure the health of the other animals, and to make sure the newly arriving animals are themselves healthy and disease free. In addition, the Zoo typically requires an independently conducted behavioral screening to make sure, before any new animal arrives, that it’s compatible with being held in captivity, and is also not a threat to the health and well-being of the other animals or the Zoo’s patrons. What’s so very interesting and what was a bit controversial at the time, was that when Larry arrived at the Zoo, his paperwork inexplicably disappeared. The Zoo’s head veterinarian initially raised some strong objections about this, and attempted to withhold his entry, but she was over-ruled by the Zoo’s board of directors, and Larry was admitted despite her protests. For a while, there were editorials published in the local newspapers concerning the controversy, but over time these faded. And, really once Larry was in the Zoo, he quickly became so overwhelmingly popular, that many refused to entertain any such discussions on his eligibility, certification, background or qualifications. In the lingo of the city, he was a ‘made monkey,’ simply untouchable!”“So it was that once he was in, he was there and he was certainly not going anywhere.  And, for a time, all was well in the Zoo, and everyone was filled with a sense of joy and hope. The board of directors were happy, the head veterinarian came to accept Larry, and the other animals were for the most part delighted to have him, or at a minimum, were not disagreeable, so long as they were allowed to have their space, keep to themselves when desired, and had received their daily share of meals and stimulation.”“For a time, many months, all were content. The Zoo’s atmosphere was friendly and amusing. Visitors enjoyed the surrounding walking paths and the peaceful environment, and many had a pleasant time sharing this beautiful space and place with the animals. Jake the Clown entertained the crowds as he pranced, danced and sometimes stumbled along the pathways sprawled out across the grounds.”Dan then paused for a moment, as he stared at what once had been one of the many smaller and lively marinas lining the coast, filled with people, boat slips, tall beams and sails, and gulls sitting on the docks. In quiet reflection, enjoying the fresh air and sunshine, his steady eyebrows winced ever so slightly, as he recalled scenes from his own youth. Still quite vivid, these images made it hard to contemplate how and more importantly, why it all had changed.By this time, Alexander had wandered off toward the outer edge of the marina grounds, and he was staring out across the lake, taking in the pleasant morning air, and watching as the sun began its steady climb across the sky. As Dan collected his thoughts, he looked over at Alexander, and somehow felt, this young man was going to part of something very significant, something massively transformational, and of utmost importance, something eternally lasting and enlightening.5 – LARRY TAKES CENTER STAGEAFTER THE TWO had time to fully explore the marina and its surroundings, Dan and Alexander packed up their provisions, assembled their backpacks, and departed in a northerly direction along the shoreline. There were still the remnants of bike paths and walkways, and in some places these were easily navigable, while in others they were so overgrown, that care and patience had to be taken, so as to be able to continue along the shoreline without being diverted too far inland or off path. As they hiked on, Dan continued with his recollections on what took place at the Zoo, many years ago.“Alexander, as I was saying a bit earlier, all was well in the Zoo, for a time. But one day, things began to change.  It was about six months after Larry’s arrival, and everyone was getting ready for the Zoo’s annual spring celebration. The winter season had passed and now was a time to celebrate the arrival of spring and a time of positive change in the environment. Hope and optimism abounded, and all the visitors and inhabitants were looking forward to the warmer temperatures and the soft refreshing breezes of spring and summer. All preparations for the event were nearly complete, and the impending atmosphere within the Zoo was filled with anticipation.” said Dan.“When the day of the spring celebration had finally arrived, Jake the Clown was ecstatic! This was one of his favorite days in the Zoo, as it brought in some of the largest crowds, and he was one of the popular traditions and must see attractions. As Larry the Monkey was the newest inhabitant, he obviously attracted quite a lot of attention among the Zoo’s visitors and staff, and people stacked up in lines waiting to get a glimpse of him. Now, one thing Jake the Clown and Larry had in common was they both thrived on attention! And, what better way for Jake the Clown to get more of a share, than to spend an inordinate amount of time with Larry doing circus acts, dances, tricks and other popular comedic gestures throughout the park.”“At 2:00 pm, all the visitors gathered around the Zoo’s central podium for the annual celebratory kickoff of the season. This started with a short speech by the head veterinarian welcoming everyone to the Zoo, followed by some words by the local benefactors and board of directors, after which came some staff awards, and then introductions of the new animals.  Shortly, thereafter Jake the Clown and Larry took center stage. Jake the Clown was all smiles and pretended to give a speech to the audience, and of course the attendees all laughed and thought this was hilarious. Then Larry jumped in and grabbed the microphone from the podium and started imitating Jake the Clown, who himself had been imitating the prior speakers. By this point, people were on the floor laughing so hard you’d think they were going to split their seams.”“All in all, the crowd loved this act so much so that these two, the clown and the monkey, were plastered on the front page of the Sunday paper the following day. The Zoo staff was so excited about this, they had the article and accompanying photo of Larry and Jake the Clown enlarged and framed, and placed on display in the main entranceway to the Zoo. Some of the staff and keepers were so taken, they felt the article deserved a Pulitzer Prize and inquired about the nominating process. They felt that Larry was so unique, that in and of itself was enough to deserve the award. A few staff members even paid a visit to Sam Barnes, the local newspaper editor, who then explained to them how the process for awarding a Pulitzer was a bit more rigorous than that. Needless to say, the staff members were not too receptive to what Sam Barnes had to say. And, with the staff not wanting to let the matter go, the conversation ended rather abruptly with Sam Barnes tossing them out of his office, while suggesting they ‘try their luck elsewhere with some other prize, but not the Pulitzer!’ ”“As the weeks went by, Larry and Jake the Clown’s popularity sort of fed on itself, and that duo became the number one attraction at the Zoo. However, this did not sit well in all camps. Many of the keepers that fed and cleaned up after the animals felt too much attention was being paid to these two newly adorned celebrities. Even the head veterinarian began to quietly have her doubts. Now, it goes without saying, that many animals are in fact social beings, and while they may not possess the same intellect and cognition as humans, they do have an emotional sense and awareness of the events around them. For instance, animals are wired to sense fear or danger and will react to such circumstances; and anyone who has had a dog or a cat can attest to their ability to express love, gratitude and affection towards their owners. Alternatively, these same animals also have the ability to sense things like inattentiveness, and in some cases jealousy, when they are not the prime object of their owner’s affection. The evolving situation in the Zoo was no different.”“Here we had Jake the Clown and Larry the Monkey, yoking it up with the crowds, and it could not be otherwise, that some of the other animals felt these two jokers were taking away from the emotional fulfillment and satisfaction they derived from being on display in the Zoo. Nadine the Parrot was one of the most vocal at the time trying to capture her share of the attention, and it worked to some extent as she was quite lively and colorful. Plus, she, Jake the Clown, and Larry had their trio act which was still a popular attraction, so in all fairness, she still captured her share of the visitor’s attention. Besides that, there really was not much she could do to change the situation, even if she wanted to. Getting up there in years, she was all but coherent, and nothing of what she said made any sense. She really was a one trick parrot, and that trick was making as much noise as possible.”“Then there was Karl the Donkey. Karl initially did not take the situation well at all, and sort of went into hiding, skulking about and not doing too much. A few years back, Karl had come to the Zoo as a new arrival, and he gathered more than his share of attention, but never quite achieved the popularity that Larry and Jake the Clown witnessed. Karl eventually snapped out of it, and whenever Jake the Clown was near his stable, Karl would do his utmost to make some scene to attract attention. As far as Jake the Clown was concerned, more attention was better than less, so he was glad to oblige Karl’s theatrics. The other factor Karl had going for him was his goofy appearance. With such a large frame for a donkey and that mangled, disproportioned face, who could not help to take a curious look and give him some attention, if only to get a good laugh and then move on. What’s interesting is Karl did not take it that way. He assumed he was getting attention and that gave him a sense of superiority, so he viewed all the onlookers with immense personal satisfaction. Yet, no one really took him all that seriously, and likely never would.  In this sense, he and Nadine the Parrot were quite similar, and you know what, whenever they were in close proximity, to all appearances, Karl and Nadine really got along well. She would even, at times, jump upon Karl’s back and spout forth humorous things like ‘Kick the Donkey, Kick the Donkey.’ The crowds loved it. Karl loved it. Such a silly parrot she was!  And, such a dumb donkey he was!”“All in all, Karl managed to get back some of the prior attention he had lost, and he did have some effect on the visitors; it just wasn’t what he thought.  That said, he was born an ass, so why would one really expect otherwise.”“Perhaps the most interesting reaction to all of Larry’s new found attention was that of Hostility the Snake. Hostility was a new arrival to the Zoo many years prior to Larry’s arrival, and she became accustomed to a certain level of ongoing attention. Now, being a snake, she was much more of a sleuth than either Nadine or Karl, and she had significantly more patience and a range of tactics to employ. Her initial strategy was to coil, hiss and threaten, but as soon as she recognized that approach as ineffective, she abandoned it in favor of one more cooperative. After all, she really couldn’t strike Larry, as by now he had gained so much attention, all would recognize her as a vicious villain, and that would likely have been the end of her. It’s not that she wouldn’t strike under a variety of other circumstances though. It’s just that if she were to strike, she had to be sure she could get away with it. That said, in years past, the Zoo was not without incidents, and many times, when an animal passed, it was hard to identify the cause. There were also several cases, where no one really wanted to find the cause, lest they disrupt the apple cart and put themselves at risk.”“So, Hostility’s next best approach was to lay low, bide her time, and appear to get along with Larry, Karl and Nadine, and the other animals. Then, at a more appropriate time, she would work on regaining some of that lost attention. With regards to Jake the Clown, there simply was no conflict between the two of them, as she likely realized Jake was a Clown and she was a snake, and there really was not a lot of competition in all that.”“The other interesting reaction to all this theater came from McAlister the Crow, who could be seen on many occasions, perched high in his tree, observing all the Zoo’s activity. From his mood and behaviors, it was apparent, McAlister did not like this particular cast of characters in the Zoo. Although quite a character himself, most times he was openly aggressive towards Larry and Nadine, cackling about overhead when they were in his sights. And he really didn’t like Jake the Clown, and could barely stand his smiling presence nearby, before flying off in haste. About the only tolerable one for McAlister was Karl the Donkey, yet the only thing those two really had in common was one cackled for attention, while the other brayed for attention. Beyond this aspect, both had been in the Zoo for a long while, so perhaps they simply got used to each other’s presence over the years. Then again, McAlister did have a measured respect for Hostility, because snakes have been known to strike out and kill their prey.  As a crow by nature, McAlister enjoyed the sight of death, even if he could not partake in the feast.” said Dan.Dan and Alexander continued their hike further up the shoreline, sandwiched between the city landscape and its ruins to the west, and the lakefront to the east.  There was silence for a while as they enjoyed taking in the morning air and sun’s warmth.Alexander then asked his grandfather “Did any of other animals ever try to harm Larry over all his new found popularity?”“No, no.” replied Dan.“It wasn’t any of the animals in the Zoo Larry had to worry about. But, there’s more to all that, and I will explain.”6 – A SENSE OF DISHARMONYTHE PATHS AND trails that lined the shore consisted of various stretches of narrow, overgrown walkways, enclosed by trees on both sides. As Dan and Alexander traversed their way through the thick and dense foliage, they came upon an opening overlooking the lake. They then stopped for a moment to admire the view out across the lake, above which stood in the distance, the most panoramic display of lavender, deep purple, and gray clouds that one could possibly imagine. All the interconnected color gradients seemed to flow seamlessly from one to the next. Clearly the whole of this panorama was greater than the sum of its parts. As Dan looked out across the skyline, he felt a sense of calmness mixed with an energetic optimism.  Looking over at his grandson, he saw a bright, inquisitive young man in the spring of his life, one whose future lay ahead of him. It was with these thoughts that Dan recalled why the two had made this journey.Alexander had been looking out across the lake and all about there were flocks of various gulls zooming to-and-fro. He then pointed towards a few of the gulls a short distance away and said “Grandpa, what kinds of seagulls are those flying over there?”“Alexander, you’re looking at a several different types of gulls. That larger one walking on the shore with the pinkish legs, black wing tips with white spots, and yellow bill with a red spot on it. That’s a Herring Gull. And that smaller one, buoyantly flying above us with the black ring encircling its bill, that’s a Ring-billed Gull.” replied Dan.“What about that one off in the distance with the black head? That’s a really cool looking gull!” said Alexander, with much interest.“That’s a Laughing Gull. It’s got a strident, distinctive laugh that sounds like ‘huh-huh-huh-Hah-Hah.’ Listen closely and you will hear it sounds different than the other gulls around us.” said Dan.“Yes, I hear it now, its voice is definitely different than the rest!” exclaimed Alexander.The two then moved away from the scenic overlook and continued down the narrow, overgrown pathways, and Dan returned to where he had left off, with the remarkable tale of the Zoo’s happenings.“With Larry’s popularity growing, it was not too long after the seasonal opening ceremony that the Zoo’s rules started to change for Larry. The Zoo had strict protocols for when the animals needed to be caged and fed, and how long they were on display for the park’s visitors. And, discipline was needed to ensure the health and well-being of all the animals as well as the safety of the Zoo’s patrons. However, these rules were gradually relaxed for Larry. Not all at once mind you. But, after a short while, every now and then, Larry could be seen, here and there, openly roaming about at will through the Zoo’s grounds and pathways.”“In fact, there was much disagreement among the staff, over this. One camp argued Larry was so unique and special, and such a draw, that his unrestrained movements just enhanced the popularity of the Zoo and the pleasure of its visitors. They felt he was so ‘exceptional,’ that he deserved an ‘exception’ from the rules. The other side felt the rules were there for a purpose, and should be applied uniformly and fairly to all the animals in the Zoo.”“Well, needless to say, neither side could agree on the matter, so by default no decision was made, which really meant things could go on as they were already progressing. And before long, Larry was seen roaming about the Zoo at all hours of the day, wherever and whenever he wanted. Really, no one was there to stop him, because no one wanted to deal with, let alone be responsible for, the fallout from such a conflict.”“And such, it was at his own pleasure, that Larry roamed the Zoo as he desired. One of his favorite spots was stopping by Nadine’s cage. This was a special treat for him, because as a parrot, Nadine could actually speak in response to his interactions with her, and he found this delightful. He enjoyed the sounds emanating from her vocal chords, even if they were incomprehensible to all. Nadine also liked when Larry stopped by to pay her a visit, as she too enjoyed the stimulus, and when he came, many times he would bring her little bits of crackers and pieces of popcorn. See, as Larry now had full access to the Zoo, and as children roaming the grounds were apt to drop pieces of food here and there, it was pretty easy for him to find some scraps to keep her entertained, and that was really all it took to please her. As time went on, the two of them became great friends.”“Larry also enjoyed spending some time by the stables where Karl resided on most days. Karl was always ecstatic when Larry paid him a visit. The Zoo had its busy periods and its slow times, and Karl found the times without any visitors to be quite lonely, and it was at these times Larry would show up and that really raised his spirits. As with Nadine, Larry would also bring Karl some treats, and Karl was particularly fond of the pink cotton candy he occasionally brought. At just the sight of the stuff, Karl would smack his thick lips and whiskery disfigured jowls.”“This, of course, was not without consequences, as the little girls and boys that came to look at Karl by the edge of the stable fence, would frequently be holding a large bale of the pink stuff. Well one day, a cute little girl and her mom came over to pet Karl on the nose; the mother holding the little girl in one arm, and her pink candy in the other. Karl got all in such tizzy at the sight and smell of the pink candy so close and within reach, that he lost complete control over himself. In an instant, he lunged at the pink bale, and in the process, knocked the two of them to the ground! This caused quite a stir in the Zoo. All the onlookers rushed to the scene to help, and shortly thereafter the keepers ran over to help as well. All the normal excuses were offered, like ‘Karl’s never done that before’ and ‘Karl’s really a gentle animal.’ A few of the keepers even tried to blame the mom and the little girl for getting too close with the pink candy. Needless to say, they were all severely reprimanded by the head veterinarian for being careless, and as a result Karl too was punished. For the entire week following this incident, Karl was kept out of sight, held in confinement in the back of the stables, and even after that, he was not allowed near the edges of the fence for quite a while. The upshot in all this, if there was one, was that Karl never again craved that pink candy, and whenever he saw a child walking by with it in hand, he’d swiftly jerk his neck and turn his head away in the other direction.”“Larry would also occasionally stop by the snake pit to spend some time with Hostility. The two of them would mostly stare at each other, and one could never be sure exactly what caused the attraction. It may have been Hostility’s reputation and persona which instilled fear in others, or at least those that were keenly aware of her capabilities. Certainly as a matter of instinct, Larry would not want to be the victim of an ‘accidental’ snake attack, so perhaps it was best for him to keep a close watch and maintain a level decorum with Hostility.”“Larry also enjoyed visits with the various other animals including the lions, elephants, goats, sheep and giraffes, to name a few. By now, he had become the center of attention in the Zoo, and he always elicited a response, and enjoyed that.  He also seemed to like the feeling of superiority he felt as he could roam free, where the other animals couldn’t. Really, the only animal in the Zoo where there was a strong sense of uneasiness about him was when Larry passed near Victor the Bear. When they caught a glimpse of one another, Victor would just glare at Larry for a few minutes and then move on about whatever he was doing. One could tell from Larry’s body language that he was very uncomfortable with Victor. And, really, these two were about as far apart as two could get.  Opposite ends of the polar spectrum, if you will.”“Victor was the ultimate bear, and everything he did exemplified those characteristics. He was strong and agile, he moved about with a sense of determination and rationality, and exhibited the ability to hold his ground if needed in the face of conflict. It is said, that bears can endure a long winter without food or water, and that during this time they can slow down their heartbeats to 4 times a minute. Their blood thins to survive these periods, and they also do not urinate or defecate during hibernation. Yet, when they arise out of hibernation, they are in nearly immaculate shape. So, it was with Victor. He commanded the respect of most onlookers, especially among those that had some sense about his capabilities. Others respected him out of the sheer image he portrayed, as he moved about. Yet, despite all this, Larry clearly exhibited a sense of discomfort around Victor. However, it was not a sense of fear, but appeared more like, jealously, envy or simple disdain for someone so opposite from what he was.”“These two kept their distance for quite a while. However, given the limited size and space of the Zoo, their paths could not help but cross at some time in the future.” said Dan.“Grandpa, there certainly was no shortage of personality among the animals in that Zoo!” exclaimed Alexander.“Oh, yes. They all had plenty of character!” said Dan.And with that, the two came upon another opening in the tree lined pathway, and decided to pause there for a moment, and take in all that was around them. Despite the past scenes of devastation and general human lifelessness about the place, if one looked closely, there were quite a few signs of life around, seagulls soaring overhead, sandpipers and plovers grazing the shore for insects and food, and all around a veritable jungle of trees, grasses and other vegetation spurting forth to fill in the void left behind by the prior inhabitants.7 – LARRY TAUNTS VICTORMIDDAY WAS APPROACHING. Dan and Alexander looked overhead and to the west, and saw a large mass of dark gray and charcoal colored clouds approaching way off over the horizon. There were sporadic bursts of lightning bolts emanating from the sky earthwards, followed by the sounds of hollowed drums of thunder. The winds started to pick up a bit, and Dan felt it would be a good time to take some shelter against the impending downpour. So, they headed inward toward what were once the streets and avenues of the city, and looked for a suitable place to wait out the storm.After crossing back over what had once been the Zoo grounds, they headed in the direction of a line of mangled buildings. Back in the day, these had been fancy high-rises, apartments, office buildings and hotels, adjacent to which resided all kinds of shops and stores offering everything imaginable: hair salons, jewelry stores, restaurants, night clubs, jazz bars, and much more. As they approached, they came across a fallen bronze statue of a tall man with a beard, but it was so severely damaged and decayed, it was impossible to recognize who this person had been. Adjacent to the statue was a large bur oak tree, and as the rain was picking up, the flashes in the sky were getting closer, and the thunderous sounds were getting louder, they decided this was as good a spot as any to wait out the storm.“This was a rather remarkable place.” said Dan as he looked towards the remnants of the nearby shops and stores.“In what way?” inquired Alexander, as he too looked off in the same general direction.“As you can see, we’re not too far from the Zoo, and many of the visitors and tourists would stop for lunch or dinner at the restaurants that lined these streets, before or after visiting the Zoo. And in the summer months and fall, there was an open air market, a few blocks nearby, selling organic fruits and vegetables, filled with people. All of which, created a most agreeable and pleasant atmosphere.” replied Dan.“This must have been quite a place to experience.” commented Alexander.“Yes, yes, my boy ... it certainly was!” said Dan.Dan’s thoughts then returned to the Zoo, and some of the extraordinary events that had taken place there.“Things in the Zoo were, for the most part, rather peaceful and pleasant, until one day, Victor the Bear started to show signs of unrest. It wasn’t anything too out of the ordinary, just that he was becoming a little agitated and groaned much more than usual. Victor had been eating his meals and moving about, so in all other ways, he appeared quite healthy. This went on for a while, and Victor’s agitation seemed to be getting more elevated, so he was brought in to the head veterinarian for evaluation. She ran a whole series of tests, and everything came up normal. Victor was then returned to his place in the Zoo, free to roam about the enclosed area established for him.”“Shortly thereafter, the next day in fact, Larry was gallivanting about with his head held high, waving his arms about, as if he were an important dignitary returning home from a successful endeavor. Well, as Larry walked by Victor’s grounds, Victor let out a roar that travelled across the entire park. Some even claimed, it was heard as far away as the pier! The head veterinarian, who had just released Victor a day earlier, came running out to inquire what all the commotion was about. As she approached, one of the zookeepers told her Larry had walked by Victor’s cage and he let out the enormous roar heard across the grounds. At this point, the head veterinarian ordered them to keep Victor on a close watch and report back with any changes in his mood or behavior.”“Now as luck would have it, the very next day, the caretaker on watch had just given Victor his regular daily meal, and was about to go on to his next assignment. But, he lingered for a short enough while, and wouldn’t you know it, he sees Larry jump the embankment of Victor’s holding area, leap down, and then grab one of the pieces of meat intended for Victor’s meal. Well, at that point, one and one added up to two, and the keepers figured out Larry had been swiping some of Victor’s food and that was the source of all his recent agitation. The head veterinarian was none too pleased, and thought about quarantining Larry for a while, to keep him in check. But this soon gave way, as the grounds keepers and crowds missed seeing Larry’s daily walkabouts. After all, he had become the star attraction, and tampering with that could alienate not just the visitors, but also the Zoo’s board of directors. Plus, the Zoo was a city institution and those in the press and elsewhere had concerns and interests about what went on here. So, beyond a simple admonishment and slap on the hand, not much was really done to punish Larry for his poor, if not appalling behavior. While the thought of removing Larry from the Zoo had occasionally crossed the head veterinarian’s mind, she knew she really didn’t have the power to confront the situation without causing a massive conflict across the city. Even worse, she might even put her own position at risk. So, although hope is not a strategy, she decided to ‘hope’ things would ‘change’ for the better. Nonetheless, she did take some action, and had Victor’s holding area monitored more frequently, to make sure he continued to get his full meals.”“The funny thing about all this is no one really discussed what would have happened to Larry had Victor caught him in the act. It’s highly likely Victor would have shredded him to pieces. As we all know, or should know, it’s a pretty dangerous or dim-witted thing to go about and start ‘poking the bear.’ It’s not without consequences. However, Larry apparently enjoyed seeing the reaction from the bear, and being a monkey, with not much restraint to his emotions, how could he do otherwise. The other aspect that apparently fell through the cracks during all this was Victor’s response. He certainly gave a warning with his roar, but he showed restraint in all other ways. He behaved cordially to the keepers, to the veterinarian during the health and medical checks, and to the host of Zoo visitors that came by to see him on the grounds. That said, bears are known to have a long memory, and its best to not tamper with fate too much, lest one day the bear actually strikes back with a vengeance.” said Dan.The rain and thunder began to ease up, and in a short while had fully subsided. Off in the distance, the faint gray rays of sunshine began to pierce the heavy cloud cover, and before long, this gave way to orange clouds and patches of blue sky. Dan and Alexander having survived Mother Nature’s expression, then set off to explore other the areas of this once great city.8 – THE ZOO’S JOVIAL ATMOSPHERE DISSOLVESNAVIGTING THE FORMER streets of this city was most challenging in places. Rather than gently strolling along the smoothly paved streets and walkways of years past, moving about required a good deal of hiking over a rough terrain of pavement, concrete, and building residue interspersed with grasses and vegetation that partially filled in the crevices. Not that it was impossible by any means, it’s just that it took more time and energy to traverse, and one had to be cognizant of one’s steps to avoid a fall or injury.Dan and Alexander continued to proceed in a westerly direction further away from the shoreline, until reaching what had been formerly the city’s most exclusive and most expensive shopping district. Through this district ran a street that stretched for over a mile, and it had been lined with designer boutiques, prominent art galleries, and award winning restaurants. This street was aptly named Magnificent Avenue, and it had been one of the city’s main attractions. Anyone coming to the city for a weekend getaway, summer holiday, or business trip was sure to pass by, or walk along, this avenue and take in all the sights, sounds and experiences it had to offer. During the spring and summer months, Magnificent Avenue was lined with seasonal flowers, ranging from tulips in spring to multifaceted displays in summer that included carnations, birds of paradise, daisies, sunflowers, and a host of other mixed plants of all colors, shapes and sizes. There was a continual flow and movement of people here at all times of day from morning to night. Cars, buses, and taxis buzzed all about taking their occupants to wherever it was they wanted to go: museums, night clubs, sport stadiums, the theater, the office or some other place of interest.Alexander’s curiosity about this place was peaked, yet it was hard to envision what it had been like years ago. In a way, it was as if he were looking at the remains of Pompey and trying to envision the shops, bakeries and businesses in that town with all its inhabitants moving about through its streets.  However, truth be told, this city was not nearly as devastated and leveled as was Pompey. While Pompey was a flattened mass of buried remains, with here and there little collections of black and aged red brick surrounding small flat squares of space, this city still had the skeletal remnants of a modern city once filled with high-rises, metal bridges, and massive roads and walkways.As they paused to look upon this avenue, Dan then reached into his backpack and pulled out some bottled water, candy bars and a few cheese sandwiches, so they could refresh themselves before moving onward. Making one’s way through this city, was an energetic endeavor, and having covered quite a bit of ground since morning, this simple meal was totally satisfying. As they munched away, Dan continued on with the story of how all this came into being.“The incident between Victor and Larry had not gone unnoticed by the keepers. And, what was once an all so positive environment after Larry’s arrival, now saw changes starting to take place, and the environment associated with Larry began to lose some of its luster. There were still many who believed in Larry, and once a position is taken, it’s human nature to be slow in giving it up, or changing one’s views. Nonetheless, the free flowing air of joviality in the Zoo was a bit more tempered, and this altered atmosphere had an effect on the visitors as well. Mind you, it was not an instantaneous change recognized all at once by everyone. Rather, it was a steady and gradual process, happening in the minds of, and at a pace specific to, each individual.”“The incident between Larry and Victor had much more of a lasting impact on Larry than it did on Victor. Victor took the event in stride and by all appearances, he seemed quite himself afterwards, and altogether unruffled by the event. He simply continued on with his daily routine, doing what he wanted. On the other hand, Larry was much more affected and influenced by both the changing perceptions of those around himself, and by his own attitudes and emotions. Word had spread about what happened between the two of them, and while Larry was still an attention grabber, some of Larry’s former admirers started to question themselves as to why he was originally considered so wonderful.  Many could not even recall what was so great about him. Others still began harboring thoughts they may have been deceived by his animated outward appearances.”“Even more troubling was Larry’s own reaction to these changing perceptions. Rather, than reflect on his own behavior as the source of his newfound decline in popularity, and positively alter his actions to regain the favor of those around him, he did exactly the opposite. He became even more bold, more extreme, and more flamboyant. And, for a few of his admirers, this was a perfectly all right. After all, celebrities are unique and special, so one has to look upon them differently than ordinary people – they are after all ‘exceptional’ beings, and that bestows upon them a different set of criteria to be judged upon. If they did not get attention, their celebrity status would wane, so any kind of act, good or bad, that captures attention is a valued thing. So, as is the case with those with who have a tendency towards self-absorption or touches of narcissism, Larry became even more self-centered and narcissistic, as time passed by. Denial took place of true self-reflection and consequently, his behaviors and stability started to veer off course. Aside from that, he held a personal grudge against Victor. To Larry’s thinking, Victor was just a lowly bear, a subclass of animal, which warranted a lower place in the Zoo’s hierarchy.”“All of this did not bode well for the Zoo’s caretakers, inhabitants and patrons. The jovial atmosphere of the staff had changed, and a few actually left the Zoo to find greener pastures. The head veterinarian understood some of the changes that took place, but because of the slight attendance declines, she was getting pressure from the board of directors to fix the attendance issue. Removing Larry was not an option, as that would be too much upheaval, and he did still have a segment of loyal, devoted followers. Risking even more and sudden attendance declines was not advisable, so again by default, the action taken was no action, and Larry yet again, got a pass. Now, there’s such a thing as statistical probabilities, and viewing the number of passes Larry got, it certainly made one question how this came into being. A few of his admirers claimed he was a divine being with a special ‘gift.’ Other suspected something more hidden and sinister, but could not trace its source. No one really could completely explain the situation, other than stating ‘it was what it was.’ Some did go back and question, how he came to be admitted without any papers, but that was most certainly a dead end. The present circumstances had overtaken past events, and all they could do at this point was hope for a change for the better.”“And, guess what, change did take place!  Just not the change all were hoping for. As Larry’s popularity started to wane even further, he became bolder, more aggressive and more taunting. Instead of displaying his goofy gestures to all, he selectively and mockingly tossed out nasty sneers and growls at those he didn’t like. Upon seeing this, some of the keepers started to try to restrict his movement about the grounds, and place some limits on when and where he could roam free. However, a single individual or even a few are not so powerful a force. As a monkey, Larry on his own could do some unbelievable damage to those that challenged or at a minimum did not like him, and there have been cases in the past of monkeys doing some severe harm to individuals when potentially crossed. So, while Larry maintained his place initially based on the love and admiration of his followers; that turned around completely, and fear took over as the predominant control mechanism.”“What was also so very interesting was Jake the Clown’s attitude towards Larry. To the casual observer, it had not changed one bit. If anything, these two seemed to be even more devoted to one another. Quite possibly, they were a not only stronger as a pair based on their past success together, but more probably, Jake the Clown was afflicted with the same narcissistic disease that afflicted Larry.”“One thing was now certain. Events and circumstances had now placed the Zoo on an entirely different trajectory, the consequences of which were soon to become apparent to all: the other animals, staff, patrons, and ultimately, the entire city!”9 – TURMOIL IN THE ZOOBY THIS POINT in their journey, Alexander’s attention was captivated by his grandfather’s story about the Zoo.  Yet, as he walked about he yearned to understand the connection between the Zoo and the current state of the city.With a keen and interested facial expression Alexander said “Grandpa, I am anxious to understand how the story about this famous Zoo has any relation to what you and I are walking through and experiencing right now. Can you explain the connection?”“Alexander, as is the case with many things in this world and in life, there are seemingly isolated events and things that on the surface have no visible connection or relation whatsoever. Yet, when probing beneath the surface, they ultimately do have a deep underlying, universal connection. By simply comparing two isolated things or events, it’s impossible to see the connection. But, by viewing a series of a dozen or more events through time, it is possible to see the incremental connections that constitute the whole, which then allows all the causes and effects to be tied together. That is the case here and you will shortly see how this applies to the Zoo and this city’s remains.” said Dan.With that, the two continued on down Magnificent Avenue, south towards the City River. Overall, the avenue was still as wide as it was back then, however the center portion was covered with the ruins of fallen buildings, concrete blocks, pieces of broken glass, and what looked to be formerly tall black lamp posts. In the distance, they saw the remnants of a mangled iron bridge above the river leading out to the lakefront.  Slowly and carefully they made their way towards the bridge. As they approached the bridge, they looked out east towards the lake and west further up the river, and saw half a dozen or more similarly mangled bridges.“At one time, all these bridges were operational and were the major connectors that allowed both traffic and people to flow through and about the city. And, in late spring, over two dozen of these bridges would be raised up, halting all the flow of traffic and pedestrians, to allow for the passing of sailboats moving down river towards the lakefront. Then, in the late fall, these same boats would make the reverse passage to be placed into storage until the following year.” Dan explained with a sense of recollection how it had been at the time.“That must have been an awesome sight to see!” exclaimed Alexander.“It was indeed! It was all planned and coordinated so smoothly, that had you not been looking at the raised bridges or tall masts, you might not be aware that anything different was happening in the city. More so, during the summer months, these same sailboats would lie out in the harbor in the evening and watch the fireworks displays launched against the architectural backdrop of the tall buildings.  That was really something to marvel at!” said Dan.Dan’s thoughts then came back to the interconnected happenings at the Zoo, and he continued detailing the events that led to all the devastation around them now.“Alexander, you see, this was the turning point … Larry the Monkey and Jake the Clown were now on a different trajectory, and things in the Zoo took a turn for the worse. What initially began in the Zoo as a sense of delight and optimism, eventually gave way to a state of denial, and then progressed onward towards one of fear, anger, and intimidation. The Zoo once a place of happiness, serenity, free thoughts and lighthearted expression, now became a hunkered-down fortress. A general feeling of mistrust affected not only the animal’s keepers, but soon the visitors sensed something was not right in the Zoo, something had changed. The place just didn’t have the same feeling about it. The keepers were less friendly towards the patrons, the animals seemed generally lethargic, and that intangible feeling of excitement and joy seemed to be replaced by a muted staleness. As the weeks and months went by, the attitude turned even darker. The caretakers became more lax in their duties, and the grounds lost some of their luster, partly owing to the decline in cleanliness. Even the fresh breezes had been replaced by a terrible stench at certain times of day. This had not gone unnoticed by Larry and Jake the Clown, and while they were more over-the-top than ever, this just highlighted the stark contrast between what the Zoo was like and what it had become.  All in all, the place started to feel more like a prison of despair than an amusement park of sorts. As this trend progressed, attendance at the Zoo began to decline. And soon thereafter, problems began to surface, and big ones!” said Dan earnestly.“Several months back, the Zoo acquired a half a dozen new elephants from an African preserve, and for some inexplicable reason, they all came down with a disease and died. This caused quite a ruckus.  Some blamed the head veterinarian for improper care and oversight. Others blamed the keepers for improper cleanliness of the elephant’s cages and food supply. Some actually theorized it was the general decline in morale that led to lack staff behaviors and operational processes, which ultimately resulted in an environment conducive to the deadly disease. The local newspaper editors also weighed in on the matter claiming the journey and change in conditions caused the animals too much stress and lowered their immune systems. Yet despite all this, no one ever knew exactly what happened. Shortly thereafter, the head veterinarian left with no explanation, and the matter was dropped in its entirety.”“Up to this point, Larry the Monkey and Jake the Clown had evaded finger pointing. And, it is not like there had not been a prior incident in tampering with Victor’s food supply that would cause some concern in these matters. After all, new arrivals at the Zoo always attracted attention, and there’s only so much mindshare to go around. At some point, it all becomes a ‘zero sum game,’ and to capture attention, you need to take it from someone else. So, this certainly would have been a path to investigate, had any one considered the possibility.”“All things considered, there was still the latent fear the elephant’s deaths would soon prompt additional investigation from agencies beyond the city. So, it was felt that there was a need for a distraction, something to divert attention away from this event. Something to get the city dwellers as well as the Zoo’s visitors and staff focused on, so the elephant deaths would quickly become a distant memory. Now, the problem with creating distractions is you either need lots of little ones to divert attention, or you need one big one to throw aside a lesser one. In this instance, the tactic of using a bunch of smaller distractions was not going to work, so the latter approach was chosen.”“By now, Jake the Clown was feeling the need to do something. With the attendance waning, his popularity was dwindling, and he and Larry were in the same boat, so to speak. Larry, by this point was exhibiting clear signs of narcissistic behavior. Had the head veterinarian remained in her post, she likely would have ordered an independent behavioral examination of Larry, to determine his suitability to interact with the public. Alas, she was not there, and apparently no one else was willing to step up and raise a red flag. Even the newspaper editors, while pointing out problems with attendance, and morale at the Zoo, were at a loss to suggest viable solutions to these issues.”“So, Jake the Clown and Larry conspired to create a massive diversion that would not only deflect attention away from the existing problems at the Zoo, but also be the talk of the town and bring back attendees from far and wide. You see, these two had a very special relationship.  They knew each other so well, by having spent so much time together, and they could instinctively communicate, almost as if both were humans having a person to person conversation. All that was needed now, was a simple execution of their plan, and execute it they did!” exclaimed Dan.“Shortly after the plan was hatched, they put it into action. With the help of Jake the Clown, Larry was able to steal the keys to all the animal cages. Then, in the very wee hours of the night, unobserved to all except for a pair of beady black eyes above, one at a time, they began to unlock all the animal’s cages as they slept. What a surprise this would be in the morning to all the city’s residents! The Zoo would be an instant headline sensation, the incident with the elephants would be forgotten, and visitors would return in droves, bringing loads of attention to them both, just like it was when Larry first came to the Zoo.”“Or, so they thought!”10 – ESCAPE FROM THE ZOO“THE ZOO OPENED to the public at 8:00 am with the caretakers, staff, and janitors arriving several hours earlier to clean and prepare the grounds as well as make and distribute meals for the animals. Merle the Janitor was always the first to arrive. He had been with the Zoo for over forty years, and his seniority came with some privileges. One of these was being able to start early in the morning and leave in the mid afternoon, thereby avoiding much of the city’s rush hour traffic and congestion. On many days, Merle arrived well before sunrise, as the first faint rays of light started to make their way over the horizon.  Merle loved this time a day, as he would stare out over the lake to the east to take in the early dawn, while everything else around him remained quiet and tranquil.” said Dan.“Well, when Merle arrived at the Zoo in the morning at his usual time, he immediately noticed something was wrong. The two large wrought iron gates that led to the entranceway of the Zoo, were left wide open. In all his years, he had never seen this happen, and he was the one who first opened these each morning to enter the grounds. Merle paused for a moment to consider what might have happened. He then proceeded to pass through the gates and enter the Zoo. As he looked about, he started to get an uneasy, queasy feeling in his stomach. There were other things that were not quite right and out of place. As he passed under the brick archway leading into the park and out the other side to the Zoo’s grounds, he saw half a dozen sheep and three goats munching on the flower beds lining the entrance way to the park. He then looked about and noticed it was not just the wrought iron front gates that were left open, but the cages to the right of the entranceway, which housed the tropical birds were also open, and there were no birds to be found!”“Now a feeling of panic began to set in. Merle raced through the grounds towards the horse stables, gate open, and no horses in sight. He ran past Victor the Bear’s holding area, no Victor. He quickly passed the lions cages, no lions. Tiger cages, no tigers.  Giraffe and zebra grounds, no giraffes or zebras! As Merle bolted through the park, he found all the animal cages had been opened during the night. And, in a screech of sheer horror, he exclaimed: ‘Holy Mother of God, they’re all gone!’ ”“All the animals in the Zoo were set loose! All of them!” shouted Alexander.“Yes, every last one of them! All roaming free to go wherever they pleased, and this was just the start of all the commotion!” said Dan excitedly.“Merle dashed back toward the Zoo’s entryway, and with an utmost sense of urgency reached for his cell phone. Fingers trembling, he hurriedly dialed 911.‘This is 911 emergency services, how may I help you?’ answered the Operator.‘This is Merle Evans, and I’m the staff janitor at the City Zoo.  All the animals have escaped. You’ve got to help.’ he shouted.‘Sir, could you please repeat that again?’ said the Operator.‘I’m Merle Evans and I work at the City Zoo. I just got here this morning and all the animal cages are open, and they’re all gone!’‘Ok, Merle. What is your address?’‘I’m at the City Zoo. The Zoo on Park Shore Drive. It’s the City Zoo, for God sakes!’ screamed Merle.‘Ok, sir, please try to stay calm. We will send an officer out to help you.’‘An officer! One officer! We’re going to need the whole damn police force to round up all these animals. They’re all gone. I tell you … all of them, gone!’‘Sir, please remain calm, I’m contacting the police now and they are sending a squad car.’‘Well, get them here as fast as you can!’ exclaimed Merle, clearly exasperated.‘Sir, they are on their way.’ said the Operator.‘Three minutes later, Merle looked out towards Park Shore Drive, and sure enough, a squad car pulled up with its distinctive blue and white flashing lights. It was still dawn and the sun had not yet pierced the horizon, and Merle saw three dark figures exit the car and walk toward him. Merle rushed forward to meet them halfway between the Zoo entrance and the curbside. As they approached, one of the officers spoke first.’‘Hi, I’m Officer Braden, are you Merle Evans?’‘Yes, I am, and I’m glad you’re here.’ replied Merle.‘Merle, I also have here with me Officer Clark, and Jim Gadwall from Social Services.’ said Officer Braden.Clearly puzzled, Merle replied ‘Social Services … why are they here?’‘Merle, it’s customary to bring Social Services along, so that we have a comprehensive analysis of the situation. Now, can you explain to us what happened?’ replied Officer Braden.‘The hell with explanations, I’ll just show you!’ said Merle, as he turned back towards the Zoo entryway.”“So, all four of them then hurried off towards the Zoo, with Merle leading the way. As they approached and passed under the brick archway, the two officers and the man from Social Services could see the sheep and goats grazing on flowers lining the entranceway to the grounds. Merle then showed the officers the open cages, and as he started to pick up his pace, they followed along, and quickly after, they too came to the realization that someone had opened up all the cages and let the animals roam free.”“Then as officer Braden reached for his communicator to call in for support, he heard the escalating pitch of honking horns resonating from Park Shore Drive, where they had left the squad car. This was most unusual for this time of early morning, as the city rush hour and congestion was still an hour or so away.”“With the blaring sound of horns honking in the background, Officer Braden called in to the dispatcher.‘Harry, we’ve got an incident here at the City Zoo.  We’re going to need one heck of lot of support.’ exclaimed Officer Braden.”“And so it started, the wheels of Larry the Monkey and Jake the Clown’s plan were now in full motion.” said Dan.“And, there was no going back!”11 – CHAOS SPREADS ACROSS THE CITYAS DAN FINISHED reciting the story of the Zoo escape, he and Alexander proceeded down Magnificent Avenue until they reached the mangled bridge. Beneath this bridge ran the City River, which the two needed to cross to continue on their journey. Dan and Alexander spent quite some time examining the mangled bridge, and were now eager to find a way to cross the river. The main issue at hand was determining which, if any, of the half a dozen bridges within sight and walking distance were actually passable. The river ran right through the center of the city and divided what had been the museum and theater district from the prime shopping district and residential neighborhoods. The other alternative, should none of the bridges be passable, was to retrace most of their prior steps and return to the pier the way they came. As crossing over the river allowed for further exploration, this was clearly the most desirable choice. The other concern was their supply of food and water. Having only enough for a few days, they were limited in the amount of risk they could take. Had they ventured too far and ran into unforeseen obstacles or circumstances; they might not make it back safely. After some quick deliberation, they decided on the path of further exploration, and as the bridge they currently stood by was not passable due to the mangled structure, they decided to proceed upriver toward the next nearest bridge.Fortunately, there was a walkway running parallel to the river, which allowed them to bypass much of the difficult terrain standing between them and the next bridge. While there were numerous cracks in the concrete and it was overgrown in some sections, the pathway was in surprisingly good condition considering the amount of devastation all around them. This was likely due to the proximity of the walkway and the nearby demolished buildings. As the walkway was adjacent to the river, there was nothing on that side that disrupted the path. The other side of the path had buildings with stretches of empty space between them, and in places where the buildings had been located, the going was a little rough, but in the stretches where there had been just the river on one side and empty space on the other side, the pathway was easier to navigate over.As they continued on, they passed what had been one of the tallest and newest buildings in the city. In its day, this building was quite a site, especially when viewing the skyline from a distance. On a clear day, this building could be seen from all directions, miles out in the surrounding suburban areas. It also served as a reflective backdrop for the fireworks displays, due to its silver reflective window surfaces. When the fireworks were launched and illuminated the overhead sky, this building acted as a giant reflector, such that the entire fireworks display could be seen emanating in all directions through the city streets.Dan and Alexander soon passed by a mound of marble rubble, pieces of which still had a characteristic milky white coloring. Looking at the white marble, it was clear to Dan, this building had actually been one of the earliest and most historic tall buildings in the city. It was the Wright Building and as it was mostly made of stone, it did not survive the devastation in any way, shape or form. It was literally leveled to the ground.After a short hike, Dan and Alexander eventually reached the next bridge. And while there was considerable damage to the frame, it did look passable, albeit just barely. So, rather than continuing on to the next bridge, with no certainty of finding it more intact, they decided to attempt to cross this bridge.Alexander was the first to climb the embankment at the river’s edge leading up to the bridge, as he had the advantage of youthful strength and energy. His grandfather followed closely behind, and there were places both would need to work in unison to successfully maneuver their way to the other side. After weaving back and forth around and in-between the fallen steel beams, and sidestepping and leaping over some gaping holes in the steel floor structure of the bridge, the two managed to get halfway across the bridge, when they came across an eight foot gap spanning the entire width of the bridge. There was no way Dan would be able to jump across this section, and it even posed a hazardous challenge for young Alexander. The two paused for a moment to consider their predicament.“Grandpa, this stretch is too far to leap across, what should we do?” asked Alexander.“Alexander, let us think for a moment. There are always alternatives … some good, some bad … some risky, some safe.”Looking about Dan said “Perhaps, we can use some of the remnants of this old bridge to fill the gap.”“Well, there were those steel beams we passed, can we use any of those?” said Alexander.“My boy, we can try!” exclaimed Dan.The two went back to where they had passed the fallen steel beams, and some of them were long enough … the challenge being to dislodge one of the beams and get it placed over the eight foot gap in the center of the bridge.“Grandpa, what about that one on the bottom, it looks long enough?” said Alexander.“It is long enough … but it’s buried beneath a lot of rubble. We’re going to need to remove some of that heavy rubble and then lift those other two beams on top of it.” said Dan.So the two, began removing chunks of rubble, until they reached the three steel beams.“Alexander, see this shorter beam on top. Let’s lift it up. We can use it as a lever to remove the debris around that longer beam. Then we can lift the longer beam with the lever and pull out the one we need.” said Dan.“Ok, I’m ready, when you are!” exclaimed Alexander.“Alright, you take that end and I’ll take this end, and when I say lift, we’ll lift it off the top.”“Ready … Set … Lift!” yelled Dan.And in short order, the beam was lifted and placed to the side, next to the pile of debris and the other two beams.“What next?” said Alexander, feeling a sense of satisfaction at having made a little progress.“If you can lift that longer beam on top just enough, I’ll wedge this shorter beam beneath it, and that will serve as a lever allowing us to reach and remove the beam we want on the bottom.” said Dan.Dan then placed the shorter beam perpendicular to the other two beams, and Alexander managed to lift the larger beam just enough so that Dan could wedge the smaller beam beneath it. He then pushed the smaller beam upwards, and in the process moved the long beam high enough, so that Alexander could slide out the beam on the bottom.“Grandpa, we’ve done it! We’ve done it!” exclaimed Alexander.“Son, we’ve got the beam we want, but we still need to get it across the gap.” said Dan cautiously optimistic.The team of two then made their way back to the spot where the eight foot gap stood in the center of the bridge, Dan carrying one end of the beam, and Alexander carrying the other. Staring at the gap with beam in hand, Alexander now realized it was too long and heavy to just throw over the gap.“I see the problem ... What now?” asked Alexander.“We’re going to need the smaller beam, we used as a lever.  Let’s go back and get that.” replied Dan, matter-of-factly.The two again returned to retrieve the smaller beam, and quickly made their way back to the eight foot gap, now with two beams, one long and one short, side-by-side at the gap’s edge. Dan instructed Alexander to lift the larger beam up, and when he did, Dan slid the smaller beam beneath it, this time its purpose being that of a see-saw. He then instructed Alexander to stand on the longer beam, while he slowly and ever so gradually pushed the longer beam forward, such that after a few minutes, the longer beam spanned the gap entirely, and came to rest atop both sides of the gap. They then removed the smaller beam from beneath the larger beam, and presto, they now had a way to cross the gap!“Ok, my boy … How’s your balance? We’re now ready to cross.” exclaimed Dan, enthusiastically.“Hurray, now we’ve done it! Let’s go!” shouted Alexander.And so, each of the two balanced themselves steady, and quickly passed over the beam onto the other side of the gap. Once on the other side, the passageway across the other half of the bridge opened up considerably. When they reached the end of the bridge, it was just a short leap a few feet to the ground, and they successfully reached the opposite side of the river.Now here, Dan explained to Alexander that this was where the theater district resided. As they hiked along one of the north-south streets, Dan pointed out the various theater locations as he remembered them. They stopped in front of one in particular.“This was the City Theater. It was one of the more popular theaters, and tended to attract some of the best and most talented performers. Its signature image was a sign that contained the name of the theater surrounded by hundreds of flashing light bulbs.” said Dan.“Did you ever go to this theater?” asked Alexander.“Many times. It was my favorite … some good memories there.”Dan paused for a moment of reflection, and the two continued to toil their way through the remains, before deciding to turn eastward back towards the lakefront and museum district. As they made their way through the battered remains, Dan asked Alexander, if he was ready to hear more about the incident at the Zoo.“Ready? … I’m all ears!” said Alexander. And so, Dan picked up where he had left off.“As you can imagine, things were a bit tenuous with all the animals roaming about, but it was really a much more serious situation than most realized at the time. When the animals were let loose, they headed off in all different directions across the city. Victor the Bear headed northward and was spotted on Park Shore Drive, and all inbound and outbound traffic along that route was halted. Unfortunately, this happened right in the middle of morning rush hour and traffic was backed up for miles up the coastline. And, as this was the major artery running parallel to the lake, there was no place for the traffic to go. Many of the drivers were simply stunned and waited in their vehicles, as Victor approached. Victor, however, appeared to be un-phased by all the commotion, and proceeded on in a northerly direction, as if he knew exactly where he was going.”“To the south, it was a somewhat similar situation. The giraffes and zebras made their way down along Park Shore Drive and wound up on the southern artery leading into the city, blocking all traffic there as well. This again could not have come at a worse time, right during the morning rush hour, halting the flow of thousands, if not tens of thousands, even hundreds of thousands of vehicles.”“The worst and most dangerous situations occurred in the downtown district and in the western neighborhoods, which is where the lions, bobcats, tigers, and a whole host of other animals headed after being released. This shut down the entire flow of traffic through the center of the city. Some of the cab drivers and commuters had abandoned their vehicles, seeking safety inside adjacent buildings.”“Now, all it takes to slow down traffic flow is an accident or two, or a stopped car here and there, but in this instance, you had the entire city in gridlock, people abandoning their vehicles, and the major arteries running in and out of the city were completely jammed and clogged.”“On a smaller scale, the police and fire department would have no problem sorting out the situation, but this happened so suddenly and across so much of the city area, they were nearly as disabled as the rest of the commuters in sorting out the mess. Any physical system has its limits, and beyond a certain threshold or level, it can be hampered or halted, and here everything was halted.”“So, in a very short time, less than a single morning, you have an entire metropolitan area, effectively shut down. Horns were blaring, people were running through the city streets seeking safety. And, in no time, the cause of the commotion was blasted across the airwaves. The local radio stations had reported the escape of the animals, including the dangerous ones like the lions and tigers. Just one of these let loose in the city would have blocked off an entire quadrant, but now you had these animals roaming all over the city. The commuters who had heard the early reports, sent email, text messages and made phone calls to work colleagues, family members and others, so word about the situation spread almost instantaneously.”“Upon realizing the gravity of the situation, the City Mayor broadcast to all the major news networks and outlets, that the city was effectively being placed on shutdown, and that all residents and commuters were to seek immediate safety and shelter.”“Now, it’s not as if this city hadn’t dealt with a prior snowstorm or two that required a state of emergency shutdown. But, this situation was different. With a snowstorm, there was advance warning of its onset and city residents and commuters could plan for the shutdown, leaving first responders time and access to clear the roadways and streets. Everything then returned back to normal in a few days.  Here, you had a city with millions of stranded commuters and vehicles on the roadways and in the streets. You had upwards of a hundred thousand vehicles abandoned and blocking all the major arteries in and out of the city, and within the city there was complete gridlock.”“In short, you had a scenario that likely involved a week or more to rectify, and thus far none of the animals had been captured and returned to the Zoo, which was the first order of business.”12 – A CITY IN TURMOILHAVING PASSED THROUGH a number of the streets and old theater sites, Dan and Alexander now made their way out of the theater district, over to what had been an open air city park. This was Grand Park, and it spanned the length of ten city blocks. In years past, this area was lined with trees and filled with various gardens. There were natural wildflower gardens, an immaculately planned rose garden, a hummingbird and butterfly garden, and a peony garden, all with interconnected walking trails and pathways. At the center of Grand Park, stood a majestic fountain surrounded by mermaids, fish, and other creatures spurting streams of water around and back towards the center of the fountain. Once an hour, a massive thrust of water would bellow up from the fountain’s center to heights exceeding thirty feet in the air, and this always delighted the onlooking crowds. On a windy day, the air would catch the water’s mist at its peak and spread it about a hundred feet or more in the distance, occasionally catching some of the park visitors by surprise.As this park consisted of open space, pathways, and trees, it was largely still intact. However, the fountain in the center was no longer visible, and the park area was now so overgrown, that it looked as if, all that had ever been here were an open field filled with grasses and tall trees. As the two roamed through and around the overgrown pathways, Alexander was now keyed up and eager to hear more about what happened back at the time of the Zoo escape. With that, Dan continued tell him all about the wild and precarious events that took place so many years ago.“Alexander, as I mentioned, the immediate concern was capturing the animals posing a threat to the city inhabitants, and top priority was going after the most dangerous animals. A media broadcast went out asking all residents to notify the local authorities when they spotted an animal or anything that looked suspicious. Calls were then dispatched to the police, firefighters, and other responders responsible for capturing the animals and ensuring the safety of the residents.”“Shortly thereafter, calls started coming in from all over the city. It turns out, Larry the Monkey was spotted in the subway system by more than a few commuters looking to secure shelter from the chaos above, and Larry seemed to thrive off the chaos. It was far more than anything he could have imagined. When at the Zoo, he certainly got his share of the attention, but that was nothing like what he was getting now as he ran through the streets and subway stations. He was fully out in the open, unrestrained, and he relished in the fear he instilled in others as he pranced about taunting and snarling. While in the Zoo, Larry’s attention came from pleasing those around him and making them laugh at his gestures, and this brought him much praise and admiration. That had now given way to fear and intimidation; the attention he garnished was derived from another source. He now felt and thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of power that came from growling and chasing the city residents. One might say, he was getting drunk on the power he felt, and was beginning to lose touch with reality around him. And, most troubling was the fact, he certainly wasn’t going to be easy to rein in due to his agility and speed of movement.”“Calls also came in with sightings of Victor the Bear. He had last been seen well up a stretch of Park Shore Drive, heading into the northern suburbs. The last observed report had him entering a large and heavily wooded area of unpopulated, protected land. Victor never wanted to harm anyone, unless directly threatened.  More likely, he just wanted to be left alone to use and enjoy his own space without the interference of others.”“There were other reports coming in about a loud and hysterical parrot screaming persistently throughout the streets: ‘What does it matter? What does it matter?’  That of course, was Nadine, and she must have heard it from someone else along the way, as she herself never had an original thought. Upon release, Nadine had flown toward the city center and sat atop a bronze statue of one of the city’s early mayors.  She liked that spot, as it was perched above, and in full view, of the entire square. While there, she mingled with the pigeons that roamed about and around the statue. She had not been captured initially, as the authorities were distracted elsewhere with the more immediate threats. As such, she stayed there for over a week, before a passerby finally realized she was the talking parrot from the City Zoo. At which point, the Zoo’s caretakers were called in, and easily bribed her with some sumptuous crackers and bread crumbs. She just couldn’t resist!”“In terms of the other animals, Hostility the Snake actually didn’t wander very far, then again how could she. As a massively large pit viper, her sheer body mass would not allow traveling great distances. She was finally spotted on the bike path by the lakefront, between the Zoo and the beach. And, why should she have strayed far. She had easy access to squirrels and other rodents that moved about, so she felt she was positioned to obtain what she desired, even if it were just for the time being. Over her many years, she learned how to be strategic and patient, especially when it came to conquest and the kill, so why would she change now?”“McAlister the Crow was another one that did not stray too far from the Zoo grounds, at least initially. High overhead he saw what transpired from the start, and sensed this presented an opportunity. With such panic and confusion all about, certainly there’d be the remnants of a kill to be had and devoured, so he just waited for the moment, and relished in all the chaos around him.”“Actually, the first animal to be captured was Karl the Donkey. Then again, what can you expect from a dumb ass?  It was early in the afternoon, following the escape and the ensuing commotion, when Karl was spotted galloping on through the city streets. In reality, it was more like clogging and bumbling about, but as Karl fancied himself a fine thoroughbred, let’s just say he was galloping. Well, Karl found his way through the city center to an adjacent square next to the city shopping district. There was a crowd of people all standing around talking about the Zoo escape, and here came one of the animals. With his disproportioned nose and irregular jaw and muzzle, who could help but not stare at this creature. Karl was so excited! He approached the crowd and started to bray like no tomorrow. In fact, he was so busy braying and enjoying the sound of his own voice in front of the crowd, he was easily distracted, and before you know it, up came a fireman with an emergency rope which was easily slung around Karl’s neck, and that’s all that was needed to secure him.”“Many of the other animals were much more difficult to capture, owing to the logistical challenges of a city in gridlock. One thing that helped the process along was the assistance of a Border Collie named Ronnie. The border collie is not only the most intelligent of dog breeds, but it’s also one of the most agile. So, one of the local residents offered up Ronnie to help contain and ultimately corral the wild animals roaming loose. Ronnie was particularly helpful in securing one of the lions located on the city’s west side.  Ronnie attracted the lion’s attention, moving to and fro, yet at a distance beyond the lion’s reach. After some time, Ronnie maneuvered the lion into a corner and the keepers were able to tranquilize the wild animal. Ronnie did help rein in a few more animals. However, given the number of animals and the vastness of the situation, it would have helped to have had another fifty or so like him. Alas, that was not to be found in this city!”“Conspicuously absent from all the commotion was Jake the Clown. He was neither seen nor heard from during this time. It may have been that, as he was the source of all the chaos, he preferred to lie low, hide the face with the permanent smile, and wait for a better time to surface. And really, the sight of his smiling face was not well suited to the critical events rapidly unfolding.”“It literally took two full weeks to clear all the roadways and abandoned cars. During this time, trash could be seen littering most of the city streets. Stores began to run short and then out of food stuffs, as there was no way of easily transporting goods to and from the city. It was quite a nerve wracking time for many residents. Efforts were made to vacate some via the train lines leading in and out of the city, and those that had friends, relatives or means, waited their turn to get tickets and depart.”“What most did not realize at the time, was the city and its supplies of food and goods were set up on a just-in-time system of distribution. Goods flowed in and trash flowed out on a daily basis. So when there was an interruption, all it took was a few days and supplies began to run dry, store shelves began to empty, and trash began piling up in the streets. While this is really not a factor under normal circumstances, these were all but normal circumstances.”“As the loads of trash began to pile up, a little at first, then more and finally all across the city, this really added to the immense unpleasantness of the situation. Things were manageable after the first week, but during the second week, there was a horrendous stench across many areas of the city. While this bothered many of the human inhabitants, there were some that were more pleased ... The city’s rat population delighted in the growing piles of trash lining the streets. And, not just Roy the Rat, lots of rats all across the city! Although generally nocturnal in nature, during this period, rats were seen quite frequently during the daytime, moving about at will through the garbage in search of food.”“All in all, it was nearly two full weeks, before the city regained some semblance of normalcy. The highways and roadways had finally been cleared, and by this point, traffic was starting to resume in spurts, and the cleanup of the garbage littering the streets and alleyways began in earnest. All looked to be getting resolved, and then something quite unexpected happened!”13 – THE BUTTERFLY EFFECT AND TIPPING POINTSDAN AND ALEXANDER continued to wander about Grand Park, and after exploring the south and central areas, they made their way northward to the top of the park. As they approached the northern most edge, they saw the remains of several more modern buildings which had once been office towers and high-rise apartments. They also came across a number of smaller structures, one of which had been the city cultural center, which enclosed a library, government offices, and had a scenic overlook above the park. It was here that many weddings and other celebrations were held, owing to its location, views and historical significance.After having spent some time walking about the ruins, they headed towards what appeared to be a concave hole in the ground covered in a mass of metal, earth, and grass. Dan informed his grandson, this was one of the park areas where outdoor concerts were held on a daily basis throughout the summer and early fall months.“Alexander, tens of thousands of people would sit on lawn chairs and blankets in the early evening here, enjoying the musical sounds and taking in the scenic sights of the city’s skyscrapers in the background. There were food and beverage vendors offering wine, cold beer, ice cream, hot dogs and burgers, chicken sandwiches, and pork sausages. It was quite a popular place for people of all ages and demographics. It was a place that brought people in the city together.”“Grandpa, did you ever attend any of these concerts?” asked Alexander.“Of course, I did on many occasions. My favorites were the jazz concerts and some of the rock artists that came to play. The sound system and acoustics of this place were superb!” exclaimed Dan.“This is a rather large park, so why was this spot in the park chosen for the concerts?” asked Alexander.“Well, this wasn’t the only spot where the concerts were held, just some of the concerts. This particular spot offered exquisitely maintained lawns for sitting and gathering, and was set up with a central stage for outdoor classical music compositions, dance and theater productions, and every other sort of musical performance.” said Dan.And so, they walked about with Dan recalling those pleasant musical nights under the stars, and Alexander envisioning what it must have been like back then before his time. As Dan thought back to that time so long ago, he could almost hear those enchanting sounds amidst the early evening, cool breezes of summer.  After a moment, his thoughts returned to happenings surrounding the Zoo escape.“Alexander, as I mentioned, all was apparently getting back to normal in the city, and most of the animals, the dangerous ones at least, after a few weeks, were captured and returned to the Zoo. However, a new problem arose. Some of the city’s residents were getting ill.  It was small number at first, but it puzzled the local healthcare authorities. City residents started to show up at hospital emergency rooms looking for help, having come down with a strange virus of sorts. It was a small number of people at first, but the concern was the severity of the virus. People would arrive in the morning all sweaty and nauseous, and by the end of the day, they were in a full blown state of organ shutdown, and had to be placed in the hospital intensive care units.” said Dan.“Oh Wow … that doesn’t sound good! How bad was the situation?” inquired Alexander.“It was a really bad situation.” said Dan, with a grim look on his face.“The city had one of the foremost research hospitals in the country, and doctors and medical technicians and researchers were called in to help assess and diagnose this new illness. It was now just over two weeks since the animal escape from the Zoo, and city resources and traffic had just been fully restored. So, while the city was starting to get back to its former self, this new illness caught them by surprise.”“During the first week, there were a dozen or more cases of this new, mysterious sickness, and more problematic for the doctors and researchers was the fact that none of the patients had yet recovered, and still no cause or diagnosis of this disease had been found. By the end of the first week, half of those in the intensive care unit had died. By week two, the disease had spread and the emergency rooms began to fill up with many more people that had contracted the disease. By week three, the situation had turned into a full blown crisis and the Disease Control Center and the Organization for World Health were called in to assess the situation and assist.”“This is sounding really serious!” said Alexander.“It was very a grave situation. Experts from all over the globe were consulted in attempts to characterize and isolate this new disease. And they were alarmed with what they found. On a pandemic scale of one to five, with five being the most severe, this new disease was clearly rated a five. The mortality rate even exceeded the 10 to 20% rate seen during the 1918 Spanish flu pandemic, where an estimated half a billion people were affected around the world and some 50 to 100 million were believed to have been killed.” said Dan.“Wow!  What did they do next?” asked Alexander.“At that point, the governmental authorities needed to act fast. The City Mayor and local authorities began preparing plans for isolating the city to attempt to limit the spread of the disease. The local police and firefighters worked in conjunction with the city authorities to set up road blocks restricting access to and from the city. Plans for shutting down the subway system and trains coming to and from the city were also put in place.” said Dan.“With a containment strategy being prepared, the City Mayor and local authorities then turned their attention towards those working to find the cause and a cure for the disease.  This was of utmost urgency.”“Were the City Mayor and his team helpful?” asked Alexander.“Well, that depends. They were helpful in isolating and containing the city, which did help control the spread of the disease. However, they were quite helpless when it came to characterizing the disease and finding a cure. That was all in the hands of the medical researchers and supporting healthcare organizations.” said Dan.“At this point, while not in a state of full blown panic, there was quite a sense of urgency among the local authorities and the medical researchers. Residents were also on edge, waiting for every bit of news about this disease and its cause. And, as could be expected in a crisis like this, it was not before long when finger pointing started in the local press.”“Because of the proximity in time with the Zoo escape and disruption of sanitation and other services, editorials came flying in, pointing to that as the initial cause of the disease. It was felt that, because of the trash lining the streets and general unsanitary conditions, this increased the movement of the rats across the city, and that somehow led to the creation of the new disease.”“Mind you, none of these arguments had any hard factual evidence behind them, but that did not mean they were not accepted by many in the general population as fact. The recent turmoil the city’s residents had been put through with the Zoo escape, just added to the unrest, and had served as a strong emotional bias that reinforced the connection between these two seemingly unrelated events, the Zoo escape and the new disease.”“Meanwhile, back at the Zoo, it was a virtual ghost town. Most of the animals had been captured and caged, but there was now no audience for them at the Zoo. The Zoo was completely void of visitors. While, Victor still had not been found and was roaming free, this no longer posed any threat, especially under the current circumstances. So his whereabouts fell off the radar of concern.”“Just before the onset of the new disease, Larry on the other hand, had got himself cornered in one of the underground subway stations. With the return of order and movement across the city, he had a difficult time evading capture. Ultimately, he was shot with a tranquilizer gun, while penned in a stairway leading from the underground to the street level. His own sense of invincibility was severely shattered as a result of this, and he returned to the Zoo in quite a depressed state. His increasingly narcissistic and delusional behaviors were suddenly confronted with an objective reality that left him only two choices: depression and despair, or madness and insanity. For the time being, depression and despair were what took hold.”“However, that was the least of Larry’s problems.” said Dan.“What do you mean?” asked Alexander.“The other problem for Larry, and also a problem for Jake the Clown, was in the weeks following the temporary ‘return to normalcy’ across the city, the Zoo staff and police had time to review the night security camera footage. They were able to pinpoint Larry the Monkey and Jake the Clown as the source of the entire disturbance. Had it been just the escape and the ensuing two week disruption across the city, that would have been one thing. Now you had finger pointing that went way beyond just the Zoo escape, and Larry and Jake the Clown again took center stage.”“Arguments about the ‘butterfly effect’ were being posed in the city newspapers citing Larry and Jake the Clown’s actions as the initial root cause event that led to this new disease. It was said that just as a butterfly flapping its wings in a distant place, due to interactions in the air currents, can cause a tornado a thousand miles away; Larry and Jake the Clown’s letting the animals escape, caused the two week chaos, out of which sprang the unclean conditions, rats roaming open in the garbage piles all across the city, which then led to the disease. Adding to the difficulty, others were suggesting that a ‘tipping point’ was reached in the unsanitary conditions and just as the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back, the general unsanitary conditions reached a certain level that allowed the disease to be created, all of which could be traced back to the Zoo escape, and by now it was well known, who had let all the animals loose.” said Dan.“So, these two, the monkey and the clown, were in some real trouble. Public opinion had turned against them, and in a big way. With the population in such an elevated emotional state, there were cries for their heads. Jake the Clown was still at large, and a man hunt was demanded. People wanted blood – their blood!”14 – A PLAGUE BEFALLS THE CITYAFTER SPENDING A sufficient amount of time perusing the grounds of Grand Park, Dan and Alexander made their way eastward towards what had been one of the largest and most prominent marinas in the city. In years past, this marina was filled with boat slips and moorings, and was populated by boats of all sizes, ranging from small fifteen foot sailboats to one hundred foot cruising yachts. In fact, the harbor housing the marina and all these boats stretched for over a mile, and made for quite a panoramic view of the lakefront, especially during the lively summer months. Standing at the edge of the harbor, they could see the long pier where they initially landed, off a ways in the distance.As they walked along the shoreline, the mid afternoon sun beamed high and radiated the deep blue water, and even though there were no boats or moorings to be seen, this place still had a nautical sense about it. By now, Alexander was enthralled with Dan’s historical recollection of the happenings at the Zoo and in the city, and he could not wait to hear more.“What happened next? What happened to Larry, Jake the Clown, and the city residents? Was the disease contained?” asked Alexander.Dan then continued on to describe the most unfortunate and horrifying events that took place.“Well, it was now four weeks into the disease, and the city hospital beds started overflowing. The City Mayor and local authorities we’re quickly becoming overwhelmed and it was not long before there was a pressing need to take some action to combat the spread of the disease. Over the years, budgets had been constrained and the city had transitioned from one financial crisis to another. In addition, the police force was understaffed to the point that not all the streets could be adequately patrolled, which allowed crime to grow drastically. And, during a crisis, in this case a potential pandemic, maintaining order was quite a challenge for the authorities. Initially, local gangs invaded the center portion of the city taking with them any and everything not nailed down, and many of the city residents holed themselves up in their apartments and homes awaiting further instructions from the authorities.” said Dan.“It was not long afterwards when the City Mayor declared a ‘state of emergency’ and the city began to impose a curfew and lockdown conditions.  Trains and subway cars to and from the city were all halted, and all the major highway arteries in and out of the city were blockaded. All residents that had remained were essentially trapped, until such time as the crisis was resolved. Now, while the city in many ways had lacked adequate preparedness for such a crisis, the one area they did have covered was the militarization of the police. While police squad cars were stretched beyond their useful product lifecycle, the city had more than an abundance of Humvee vehicles, ready for deployment. They also had a plentiful supply of assault weapons, hollow-point bullets, airborne drones, and helicopters. As we all know, the purpose of having such a large array of this type of military hardware is not the protection of the citizenry, against an external invader. Rather, the intent and practical use of this equipment is to subdue and control the local population. And the time had now come to put all this hardware to practical use!” exclaimed Dan.“Shortly following the state of emergency, police dressed as soldiers spread out across the city. All streets leading in and out were effectively walled off, and all citizens were effectively placed under house arrest, until such time as the disease could be contained. Only emergency food and medical supplies were allowed into the city, and even those had to be airlifted in. In a very short time, the city and its surrounding area had become an eighty square mile prison camp.” said Dan.“Furthermore, by the end of the sixth week, the disease had swiftly infected over fifty thousand people and the count was climbing by the hour!”15 – A NATIONAL EMERGENCYALEXANDER WAS STUNNED and incredibly shocked at how fast a city could go from a state of peacefulness, stability and harmony to one of mass chaos, containment, and aggression. In six weeks time, the city had been turned upside down, and the lives and future of all its inhabitants were at risk. Pondering all this he said “It’s utterly amazing how fast this all transpired in the city.”“Alexander, a characteristic common to most human beings is something called ‘linear thinking.’ As it goes, people generally assume today will be like or very similar to yesterday, and that tomorrow will be like or similar to today. Well, for the vast majority of the time, that is the case. However, on rare occasions, there are things called phase shifts or environmental disconnects. It’s like an ice cube in a freezer at thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit that sits there for a long while. However, as soon as the temperature reaches a tiny degree above thirty-two, the ice begins to melt and quite quickly the solid block of ice turns into a liquid state – two very different conditions. The same type of scenarios can take place in society, and that’s what happened in the city.” said Dan.“By this point, absolute panic set in across not just the city, but the entire population and the federal authorities were now engaged. Due to the exceedingly high mortality rate and the speed with which the disease was spreading, a ‘State of National Emergency’ was declared. Thus far, all attempts to characterize and isolate the disease had failed, and about the only positive thing one could say was that the disease had not spread across the country at large into a full blown pandemic. For now it remained contained within the artificially created walls of the city.”“There was much debate about how to resolve the situation. City residents were dropping by the hour and there was an even greater fear that those that managed to survive the disease would become carriers disseminating the disease all across the country and potentially the globe. The general populace and governmental authorities were horrified and dismayed.”“Experts from all corners of the scientific community weighed in, and estimates were that 30 to 50% of the entire population could be infected, with the mortality rate ranging from 40 to 60%. Talk was of somewhere between 40 and 100 million people in the country being killed, should the disease not be isolated within the walls of the city. Clearly, something drastic had to be done and quickly, and time right now was not on the side of the doctors and medical researchers working around the clock to find some answers.”“As news of the grave situation began to spread, some of the residents not yet infected tried to escape from the city.  In one corner of the west side an armed group of over a hundred gang members tried to pass through the blockade, and an all out battle ensued. After it was all said and done, a dozen police officers were injured in the confrontation, and half of the local gang members lay dead in the street. The other members of the gang had retreated and spread out back towards the downtown district.”“Other residents, those with boats docked at the local marina also tried to escape, but to no avail. The City Major had ordered police boat patrols up and down the twenty mile stretch of coastline on the city’s east side. Most of these escaping residents were turned back toward the shore by the patrols.  Although, a few of those with high speed boats, tried to outrun the police boats, but were ultimately shot at and sunk!”“Now, these events did not go unreported. In fact, the City Mayor, as well as the local and federal authorities, all felt that dissemination of the attempted escapes and subsequent capture and killings would intimidate the residents and deter further attempts to escape, making the task of containment easier. All in all, the people didn’t have much of a voice in the matter, as the local authorities and police force had not only the means to control the population, but also a sociopathic, if not psychopathic desire to control them.”“This psychopathic state on the part of the authorities had not come about as a result of this specific crisis. Rather, it had been building and growing slowly and quietly beneath the surface level for years. This potential pandemic was just the catalyst that put everything out in the open for all to see. More significantly, the psychopathic desire to subdue and control the population was not just unique to the local authorities. It was something that had infected all levels of government across the country. Over the years, the central authorities came to view the population around them in two categories ‘them’ and ‘us,’ with ‘us’ being the ‘exceptional’ ones that were ordained by a higher power to rule over ‘them.’ ” Dan paused for a moment, as he could see Alexander was deeply affected by what he had heard, and the boy’s facial expressions had changed considerably. Dan knew, at some point along this journey, there would be a moment Alexander would come to grips, not just with the devastation that took place, but with the underlying human behaviors, desires, and emotions, that led to such a tragedy. After a few minutes the boy spoke with a disheartened sigh ‘There are some very evil people in this world.’“Alexander, yes, there are. Life is filled with choices, and each of the choices people make leads them in a direction through life. It’s not that people are inherently good or bad, most people aren’t. People choose their path as they go through life, and the ultimate direction they take is their choice.” said Dan.“Well … from what I’ve heard so far, it doesn’t seem the paths those people chose were the right ones.” said Alexander.16 – LARRY’S COMEUPPANCEIT WAS NOW getting late in the afternoon, and by now Dan and Alexander had traversed much of the central portion of the city. At the far end of the marina, just past the boat slips stood the museum district, which had housed a number of world renowned art, history and cultural museums. In fact, all of the museums here had been considered ‘traditional’ in terms of material, form and architectural style. And, they were all in close proximity and separated only by tree-lined walking paths, expansive lawns, and gardens. As the two passed through these grounds, all they could see were high mounds of marble rubble dispersed across the landscape, as if it were something like the remains of the Parthenon.Alexander then turned to his grandfather with a perplexed and mystified look on his face. “There must have been something beyond that disease that caused so much of the destruction we’ve seen around us over these past few days?” he asked with a contemplative expression.“Alexander, yes, there was something quite horrific that took place. Not just horrific, but absolutely immoral and purely evil!” exclaimed Dan.“Well, I want to understand what caused all of this and why it happened. Please continue on with the details.” said Alexander.“Well, if you recall, the City had been on lockdown, with no one allowed to enter or leave. This included Jake the Clown, who was by now the most despised, despicable, distrusted person in the entire city. As such a calamity had befallen all the city’s residents, and owing to the fact that there was not much that they could do to change the situation, the anger that built within the residents, became entirely directed towards Jake the Clown as the source of all the pain and suffering. After all, it was Jake the Clown who released all the animals, which caused all the commotion that led to the trash buildup, which caused the disease. Or, at least this is what everyone thought happened.”“Now, this fact certainly was not lost on the City Mayor and the local authorities. They quickly realized it could be used to their advantage to redirect any potential criticism, by channeling the citizen’s thoughts and anger towards Jake the Clown. So, it was not long before an all out, door-to-door manhunt took place, the objective of which was to find Jake the Clown and bring him to justice. Shortly, thereafter, the City Mayor had these efforts broadcast throughout all the news outlets, and before long, calls came rushing in with reported sightings of Jake the Clown.”“Until this point, Jake the Clown had been able to maintain a low profile, as most people had no idea what he actually looked like without his makeup and ever persistent smile. But now that photos of his actual face were spread across the airwaves, sightings started to come in. Upon seeing the local broadcasts, Jake the Clown vacated the place where he had been hiding out in, a small residential neighborhood just north of the Zoo. He hastily packed a small bag with whatever food and provisions he had left and could fit in it, and then took off in the general direction of the city center. When he reached the center unobserved, he proceeded towards a lower passageway beneath the city’s main streets. This passageway was frequently used by utility and supply vehicles, but due to the current crisis, there were no vehicles using this stretch of roadway. In addition, there were a number of local vagrants that came to sleep at night and linger throughout the day, and Jake the Clown, felt he would just blend in unnoticed.”“Jake the Clown managed to reside here undetected for a few days. Then one morning, one of the vagrants kept staring at him, and this made Jake the Clown uncomfortable. Jake the Clown managed to scare him away, but the following morning, the vagrant came back stumbling by with a few other vagrants. Jake the Clown had just awoken, and it was still early. The vagrant he recognized from the prior day came up to Jake the Clown, and pointed a finger at him.‘Hey, didn’t you used to work at the Zoo?’ said the vagrant.At that point, Jake the Clown recognized him as Billy Hanker. Billy had been employed by the Zoo as a grounds keeper, a number of years back, but frequently came to work either drunk or hung over. He was eventually let go. ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about. I never worked at any Zoo!’ exclaimed Jake the Clown.Billy’s facial expression changed when he heard Jake the Clown’s voice. He now remembered where he had seen this man and who he was. ‘Now, I know who you are. I recognize that voice and face. You are Jake the Clown!’ shouted Billy.”“Well, all of a sudden, the group of vagrants that came with Billy surrounded Jake the Clown and started punching and hitting him, which caused quite a commotion. And, it was not before long when the police came over to see the cause of the commotion.‘What’s going on over there?’ shouted one of the police officers.‘We’ve got Jake the Clown! We’ve got Jake the Clown!’ shouted the vagrants.‘Stand back … Move away … Stand back.’ yelled the officer.”“At which point, all the vagrants backed away, and Jake the Clown was positively identified. The police then cuffed him and took him away. He was brought down to the local jail and held in a cell, until such time, as the City Mayor and local authorities decided what to do with him.”“Upon his capture, the local authorities we’re delighted and broadcast their success across the news networks. And, it did provide a sense of relief for the resident’s frustrations, as something was actually accomplished since the disease outbreak. However, this only lasted for a few days, and then the realization of the ongoing predicament took hold again, and the residents were as disheartened and angry as before Jake the Clown’s capture.” said Dan.“Meanwhile, across town, back at the Zoo, Larry was doing no better than Jake the Clown. Upon his capture in the subway stairwell, Larry was placed in solitary confinement, and he was now in a deep state of despair. There was some debate about what to do with him. Some argued that, as a monkey he could not have been responsible for all that happened and that Jake the Clown bore the responsibility. Others claimed, Larry had gone mad or insane. Had he been human, madness and insanity might have gotten him off the hook, but as a monkey that type of defense didn’t apply. Besides they said, while he was out on the loose, his true heinous behaviors were displayed to all, and that he was a danger to society-at-large.”“Well, either way, the Zoo staff and keepers had two choices, isolation and solitary confinement or extermination. Releasing him back into the wild was in no way an option. The solitary confinement alternative was discarded, because as this was a Zoo, its primary purpose was to the display the animals to the amusement of the crowds. Well, that was no longer viable. So, in a quiet way without fanfare, Larry came to his end in the back halls of the Zoo’s veterinary clinic.”“It’s been said, pride cometh before the fall, and Larry was as proud a monkey as there ever was, and for that he fell. Life is filled with unexpected consequences of one’s actions, and no one can make decisions with full foresight into the future, not even a lowly egotistical, self-absorbed, narcissistic monkey.”17 – A CITY DESTROYEDOFF TO THE west, the sun had started to set over the remains of the city. Dan and Alexander now needed to find a spot to have some dinner and camp down for the evening. They were due to depart the next day from the pier, and their journey had been not only arduous and demanding, but also thought provoking, so they were in need for some rest before making the long trip homeward. They soon passed by what had been the City Aquarium.  Like the museums, it too had been reduced to a pile of rubble and grasses.“What ultimately became of the city and its residents?” asked Alexander.“It was a sad and misguided state of affairs. The medical researchers could just not make any progress in isolating the disease characteristics and finding a cure. By week seven, the disease while still contained was on the verge of becoming a crisis of epic proportions, rivaling that of the bubonic plague of medieval times. It was as if, raw, pure fear took hold of the country, and the governmental authorities were powerless to prevent the spread of the disease. While still contained within the barricaded walls of the city, fear of the disease spreading beyond the city and across the entire country was rising rapidly. The Disease Control Center and the Organization for World Health were projecting the potential for loss of life of 100 million people in the country; and more had the disease moved across the continents.”“Wow, that is disastrous!” exclaimed Alexander.“Yes, they were all sitting on the edge of a massive catastrophe.” said Dan.“The national authorities all believed time was running out to do something, and that had they delayed doing something, the entire country and global civilization would be put at risk.” said Dan.“So, what did they do?” asked Alexander.“Well, national interest took precedence over that of the city and the individual. The national officials had drawn up contingency plans, in the event the pandemic was not resolved in time, and now was the time to decide on implementation of those contingency plans. The plans included using the national air force to fire bomb and destroy the entire city and every living thing in a ten mile perimeter around the city. It was believed, this would not only eradicate the disease, but it was also reasoned this would save hundreds of millions of lives across the country and globe.”“While there was some debate about the morality of such a decision, in the current environment, morality and ethical decision making gave way to the needs of the moment. And, as the ones making the decision were personally unaffected by the decision, it came rather easily for them. The city had already been placed on lockdown, so all that was needed was the command, and the full force of the military’s armaments would be unleashed.”“Now, the City Major and some of the local authorities caught wind of the plan, and tried to flee the city, before it was enacted. However, as they certainly had been exposed to the disease, and they might even be carriers of the disease, they were not allowed to escape. Well, as you can imagine, the City Mayor believing he was one of the privileged ‘us,’ didn’t like being tossed into the ‘them’ category. So he arranged for one of the police helicopters to transport himself and a few of his staff members beyond the city to safety. However, his realization came a little too late.  By now the national authorities had the perimeter of the city surrounded, and as the City Mayor’s helicopter attempted to escape through the city limits, it was shot down by the national air force.”“It seems like that was a cowardly act on the part of the City Mayor!” said Alexander.“Alexander, many times, underneath what is outwardly portrayed by a person as confidence or ego, is in reality, more an underlying sense of fear and insecurity. Because, of the fear and insecurity at the center, the individual overcompensates for this in their outward expressions, manners, attitudes and behaviors, especially towards other people. However, under severe duress, the real character of a person is displayed and that’s what you saw in the City Mayor. Self-absorption and pure cowardice at the core.” said Dan.“So, did anyone at all manage to escape from the City?” asked Alexander.“Oddly enough, there was one animal that did escape. It was McAlister the Crow! He must have had a sixth sense or something, because, just as everything in the city began to unravel, he fled the city, leaving everything and everyone behind and headed south, well beyond the city limits. Then again, McAlister was always an opportunistic crow, and he had a good sense of impending death, so perhaps it was not so surprising he deserted.”“So, with the time for a decision now exhausted, the destruction of the city was ordered by the national authorities. Within hours, massive cargo planes and equipment, filled with conventional bombs and armaments, descended upon the outer city limits. While, some had proposed the use of tactical nuclear weapons, others feared the impact of the radioactive fallout. Shortly thereafter, bombers loaded with conventional armaments were launched and descended upon the unsuspecting population. For three full days, bomb raids were conducted all over the city, destroying any and everything in sight.”“Gone were the museums, the high-rise apartments, the shopping district, the theater district, the office towers, and marinas. In short, every structure in the city was leveled.” said Dan. “Everything was destroyed, and that’s what we see here, the remains.”“What about the residents, did any of them survive?” inquired Alexander, doubtingly.“Most of them perished in the bombing raids. But, the few who did survive soon died of disease or starvation. The national authorities had the city surrounded and monitored it for months afterward to make sure nothing escaped and the disease had been contained.” said Dan.“And was the disease contained?” asked Alexander.“It was. However, that does not mean the decision made to destroy the city and it residents was the right decision, or a good decision. Following the destruction of the city, the entire country, while not directly affected by the disease itself, was overwhelmed by the loss. The harm done to the country’s morale was both unimaginable and transformational.” said Dan.“Is that why they never rebuilt this city?” asked Alexander.“It’s not just that there was no interest in rebuilding this city, but following the country’s transformation, there were no resources available, especially on such a massive scale needed to reconstruct this city. Even had the needed resources been available, this self-inflicted destruction was such a blow to the country’s psyche, there was simply no will to rebuild the city.” said Dan.With that, Dan looked about and said “Alexander, it’s getting late. Let’s find a spot to set up camp for the evening. We have a full day tomorrow, and we need some rest.” said Dan.And so, the two moved past the Aquarium remains, and found their way along the lakefront towards a peninsula overlooking the lake.18 – A NEW VISIONAS THEY REACHED the end of the peninsula and looked back towards the city, they could see the sun setting beyond the horizon. The sky above was clear with only a few pink and gray clouds in the distance. Dan explained this spot had once been a planetarium, where people would come from all over to see and learn about the stars, constellations, galaxies and the entire universe. As the night sky began to darken, the two unloaded their backpacks and laid out their sleeping bags for the evening. Both were quiet for some time, and Alexander spoke first.“Grandpa, I am amazed and astonished at what you have shown me here. All around us is what’s left of the destruction. Destruction that came about as a result of the decisions people made back then. What they destroyed must have taken quite some time to build, and it’s gone.” said Alexander.“Alexander, the paths people choose in life can lead to the creation or destruction of people, places, things and relationships. The future is uncertain, but what is certain is there will be change. I think you’ve seen here that good does not necessarily always win out over evil, but given enough time, evil does eventually consume itself.” said Dan.The sky had now become dark and the stars began to appear high overhead and both of them looked up with a sense of awe and wonderment.“Alexander, these stars were here well before this city, and they will be here long after we are both gone. These stars will outshine and outlast all the earth’s inhabitants and creations. They are eternal.”With that, the two drifted off to sleep to ponder God’s creation.When they awoke, they loaded up their packs, ate a small breakfast of bagels and water, and headed back towards the pier, where they left the small boat that brought them to this place. The pier was visible several miles in the distance, and it was not long before they reached the river locks, over which they passed to return to the pier.As they unloaded their packs and jumped down into the boat, Alexander looked back towards the city. He had a sense that, somehow, one day he would return to this place and that it would be in an entirely different context from what he had just experienced. Dan looked over at him as the boat began to depart, and he knew he had accomplished what he set out to do, and that this young man would accomplish great things.ALSO BY STEPHEN BLACK [image file=image_553.jpg] If you enjoyed THE ZOO, continue on with Dan’s journey as he enters the supernatural Afterworld in my new book FINAL BALANCE.BUY THE BOOKVisit http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0139MDF9S/ to purchase the book in its entirety.Sample Chapter from  FINAL BALANCELIFE IS FILLED with consequences, anticipated as well as unanticipated, and some of those consequences extend beyond the realm of our earthly existence....“Charlotte, we’re leaving now. Pack up our things and get the boys, we’re heading downstate today.”“Dan, what are talking about? What do you mean?” she said, with a puzzled and confused look.“We’re leaving today. We’re moving today. There’s no time left.” he said.“But, we’re not due down there for another two weeks. It’s not time yet, you don’t start the new position until the end of the month,” she said.“Look, with everything going on in the city right now, we’ve got to go today.”“But ... the authorities said everything is under control, they’ve got the virus contained. Dan, you’re acting irrational, just calm down.”“Damn it, Charlotte.  I am calm. I may have been a little irrational at times, but have you ever seen me this irrational? We need to pack our things up and move today.”“But Dan, what about the boys, they have school? What about all our stuff? Do we just leave it here? We had this move planned for months now and I’ve got the movers scheduled and everything’s all lined up. What difference will a couple of weeks make? I’ve been listening to the radio and the news reports. Everything is going to be fine.”“Charlotte, look ... I can’t tell you exactly why or give you a clear rationale, but my forty years of experience and intuition are telling me get the hell out of here and do it now. That’s my instinct. I can’t ignore it.”“But this is all so sudden. I mean we’ve had it planned out logically and all the details are lined up for an end of month move. Where will we live for the next two weeks? Dan, are you really that concerned?”“I am that concerned. I just have this inner sense. Something is not right. Whether it’s the tone of the authorities or the news reports, the general atmosphere, or something else, it just doesn’t feel right. It’s not adding up.” he said.“Well, your instincts have been pretty spot on, and even more so over the last number of years. Dan, do you really feel that strongly?”“Yes, I feel it in my bones. And what’s the risk of moving now instead of in two weeks? The boys will be fine, there’s not an issue with the job. And, what if I’m wrong and nothing happens here in the city? We’ve lost nothing and can still follow all the plans and have our stuff shipped later. So why not just go now, Charlotte?”“Alright, I see your point, but still don’t get the sense of urgency.” she said.“I’m trying to look at this objectively Charlotte, and all emotions aside, it’s just the right thing to do. There’s talk of a pandemic. The authorities have told us everything is under control and the virus has been contained, but I don’t know. There’s talk they may lock down the city. We’ve had our plans in place for the move for a while now, why not just accelerate it a couple of weeks?”“It is a minor disruption to the family, but not something we can’t deal with. We’ll have to see if we can get the boys in the new school a few weeks early and we’ll need to find a place to stay. But, aside from that we can adjust, if you feel we must,” she replied.“Ok, I’ll ask you one question. How much faith and trust do you have in the authorities to tell the truth and do you feel they have our best interest at heart? Answer that, and I’ll go with your decision.”“Dan, you know me too well. I am certainly not naive and can’t say they always have our best interest at heart. If that’s the answer you wanted, you got it.”“That’s all I needed to hear from you, Charlotte. We’re going today.”“Ok then. Let’s pack up what we can. I’ll get the boy’s things together and we’ll leave this afternoon. This is a bit sudden and it’ll be a little chaotic, but you’re right, we’ll be fine.”Four hours later, Dan, Charlotte, and their sons departed the city. As they drove down the interstate and passed beyond the city limits, they looked back at the city with its majestic skyscrapers in the distance. Little did they know that would be the last time they’d ever see the city they knew and loved.It was not long after they left when the city was indeed placed on complete lockdown. No one could enter or leave and all transportation (cars, buses and trains) had been halted. Even travel by foot was forbidden beyond the city limits. The authorities felt the virus had to be contained at all costs, and contained it was within the artificial walls of an immense and populous city. On par with the 1918 flu pandemic that killed all in its path, the virus was spreading by the hour and the authorities believed they had no other choice.Had they stopped there, perhaps things would have turned out differently. But the all knowing, all powerful and righteous authorities did not stop with the lockdown. Fear spread like a wildfire across the entire country. Within twenty-four hours of contracting the virus, people were dropping like flies. The anxiety became so intense and widespread that people were afraid the disease would wipe out a massive portion of the country. So, the virus had to be stopped in its tracks at all costs. And stop it they did, at the cost of the complete annihilation of the city and the destruction of every living thing within it....That was thirty years ago and these painful memories still resonated within the mind of an aging Dan Alexander. There are pivotal events in time that change an individual, a country, and an entire society. That was the pivotal moment in Dan’s life that changed his outlook forever. In fact, those events were inscribed in his mind as clear as when he first experienced them. He would never forget what happened and who was ultimately responsible.At one time, the city was a vibrant metropolis pulsating with energy and life. That was the time of Dan’s youth — a time of development, growth, challenge and excitement. It was a city that knew no bounds and no limits on human potential, and one that offered the promise of an optimistic future. With its luminous skyline covered with massively tall skyscrapers that stretched forth across a broad expanse of crystal blue lake, it was a place like no other. It was a manufacturing hub and center of financial and retail commerce. Filled with museums, theaters, shopping districts, expansive parks and residential high-rises, the city offered visitors and residents alike a place to live, work and entertain themselves. Yet this city was more than just buildings and material objects. This city had a life of its own with people, trains, cars and buses all rushing through its arteries. All you had to do was pause for a second and take it in. You could feel the life, the energy, the living sense of the place. The buzz, the hum, the sounds, the movement, it never stopped. The city was alive and those in it felt alive. In fact, it was more than just a physical sensation or awareness; this city had a spirit, it had a soul.Dan’s thoughts returned to the present and he paused for just an instant wincing as excruciating pain jolted through his entire body. Over the last few months, the pain had become more frequent. In the beginning what had been a mild discomfort was now becoming intense and bothersome. Yet he persisted in collecting his thoughts. He had to keep focused despite the annoyance, especially now. These were important thoughts and events that he needed to reconcile.The family was stunned when Dan was diagnosed with stage four cancer and Dan’s wife above all. This was her lifelong companion and soul mate. Charlotte was a strong and resilient woman, but even at that, Dan knew she needed a break from the pressures of dealing with his illness and caring for him. This is why he’d persist with his daily walks in the park, even when the pain became quite agonizing. Dan was a fighter and these walks were life itself to him.A few moments later, he thought back again to his time in the city. He remembered the long summer days with cool evening breezes coming off the lake as he sat and listened to concerts in the park. It was not unusual for tens of thousands to gather in lawn chairs and blankets taking in the air and delightful sounds. All sorts of musicians and performers would visit the city to entertain the crowds of people who came to enjoy the culture and sites. There was truly something for all tastes and interests. There were vendors of all sorts selling food, beer and wine. So festive was the place and those were moments in time where the people and their surroundings were in harmony.Dan recalled the long walks along the lakeshore paths that stretched the entire length of the city. He and his wife would take these almost daily and they had so many great conversations. The environment was such a source of stimulation and inspiration. Every walk was slightly different. On some days, a deep purple sky above the lake radiated and illuminated the city skyscrapers and heightened the energy emanating from its core. On other days, a muted gray cloud cover canvassed the skyline creating a mood of stillness and calm. And on others yet, a yellowish-blue permeated all about creating a feeling of heightened awareness. Each day and walk were unique, because the sky, clouds, sun, lake color and movement of the waves all combined in such a way to create an infinite variety of moods, feelings, and experiences.As they walked together, interspersed along the way were various marinas dotted with boats of all shapes and sizes. Sailboats, powerboats and racing boats covered the shoreline. There were also commercial boats that conducted architectural tours and sightseeing cruises. On occasion, Dan and his wife would celebrate a special event or anniversary with an evening dinner cruise. Such a spectacular view it was to see the city lit up at night from a distance. The darkened sky and water all about made such a contrast against the backdrop of bright lights and the magnificent illuminated buildings.Those were particularly good times for Dan and his family. Over the course of the years, things had progressed as one might expect. The city continued to move forward. The population gradually grew and people of all cultures and classes lived in peace enjoying all that the city had to offer.It was because of all this that the sudden change caught everyone off-guard. Some were literally so stunned they simply couldn’t comprehend what was happening. Things had become so comfortable over the years that people became complacent and accepted that things would always be good or better. They had gradually lost focus and became distracted by less important matters and the authorities were certainly able to fill that void with increasingly greater controls and constraints. It may also have simply been the normal lifecycle of all cities, which over a course of centuries have their own spring, summer, fall and winter seasons of life.Once again, Dan returned to the present with another sharp pain piercing through his body from the base of his spine through his chest and upper abdomen, gradually radiating outwards through his limbs, fingers, and toes. He stopped for a moment clenching his fists. In recent weeks, these shocks had become more frequent and increasingly more painful. Still he persisted in his walks.After the pain had subsided, Dan’s mind drifted back to his profession and career. Having achieved much, he thought about his early years as a product development specialist and later years as the head of an industrial equipment manufacturing firm. “A rewarding and fulfilling career,” he thought, “I accomplished a lot. Yes, I made some compromises, but who hasn’t?”Dan’s firm manufactured construction equipment used to create a great deal of the streets and buildings within the city as well as much of the infrastructure in various cities around the globe. Over the course of his career, he met and dealt with all sorts of people: architects and engineers, bankers and financiers, politicians and government boards to name just a few. Dealing with so many of these types, it was impossible to not have certain situations where law, ethics, and morality came into play. And compromises were made. That’s just human nature.Several months before the catastrophe hit the city, Dan had been promoted to lead the product development organization which required him to move his family downstate where the corporate offices were located about a half day drive from the city center. At the time, Dan was reluctant to make the move from the big city with all it had to offer to a small remote town with a much quieter and serene atmosphere. But, he and his wife discussed the situation and felt the opportunity was too much to turn down.“Such is fate,” he thought, reflecting on the city and the catastrophe that hit not long after their move.In his later years, only once had Dan been able to return to the city on a trip with his grandson. Years after, the city still stood abandoned, desolated and utterly devoid of any human presence.“If only those fools could have foreseen the long-term results of their actions, perhaps they would have handled things in a better way. Perhaps things would have turned out differently?” he thought.All of a sudden an uneasy feeling started to come over him and he shuddered with a sense of apprehension. With his breadth becoming shallower, he struggled as he gasped for air.“What if, knowing the full and complete extent of what happened, those bastards that caused the destruction of the city ... what if they would have behaved the same way and done the same things?”It was a horrid thought as painful as the physical pain he was currently enduring. It was also dismal and depressing to think people could be so self-obsessed, shallow and evil that they would completely disregard the consequences and persist in the destruction of a wonderful creation; a creation that took so much time and the labor and intellect of so many to bring into existence.Through his many years, Dan had seen much and experienced quite a spectrum of personalities and behaviors. Optimistic by nature, his earthly experience led him to look for the good in others. Yet, this was balanced with a cautious eye, street smarts, and a realistic awareness that that under some scenarios, compromises are needed to advance an agenda. In this regard, he was not so different than many.At that instant, he began to reflect on what legacy he would leave behind when he departed this world. Thoughts of his family and friends put a smile on his tightly closed lips, momentarily masking the pain he felt if only for a fraction of a second. He struggled to maintain his focus. The pain was intensifying. He dropped to his knees, hunched over in agonizing pain. It was too much to endure. Yet, he still managed to concentrate.“Just a little bit longer ... I need just a little more time.”His thoughts returned back to the city. At peace now with many other aspects of his existence, it was the people and events that led to the city’s destruction that he could just not let go of. He understood why the events took place and their causes. But, the impact of all that was simply too significant; he had to know what made these people do what they did and most importantly what were the ultimate consequences for them.Upon contemplating the entirety of his existence, Dan realized the city itself was a reflection of the society and the changes the society was experiencing. The city went through its own cycle of life just as Dan and everyone on earth follows their own time and path.“Still, that was a city whose life was cut short ... too short ... unnecessarily short. It was not a graceful and aging decline. It was an abrupt transition and death. Such a damn shame!” he grimaced.By now Dan was on his side beneath a tree, barely able to breathe and holding on to every last thought with every ounce of life he had remaining within.“There has to be a longer term justice for those that caused the destruction. Surely, something like that cannot go unpunished?”And with that last thought, Dan closed his eyes for a final time not knowing what was to come next or what his or anyone else’s eternal fate would be.ABOUT THE AUTHORStephen Black is an emerging author with varied interests ranging from arts and science to economic history and nature. He also enjoys a love of dogs, bird watching, bicycling, and international travel. Having earned a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Michigan and two engineering degrees from the University of Massachusetts, he’s spent his career working and consulting with product development organizations across the globe. He spends his free time writing books with the aim of providing readers with entertaining, thought-provoking themes and eye-opening experiences.