Title : Clara (The Fairer Sex collection)
Author: Miller, Michelle




 [image file=image_rsrcA0.jpg] This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organizations, places, events, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.Text copyright © 2019 by Michelle MillerAll rights reserved.No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express written permission of the publisher.Published by Amazon Original Stories, Seattlewww.apub.comAmazon, the Amazon logo, and Amazon Original Stories are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc., or its affiliates.eISBN: 9781542093460Cover design and illustration by Kimberly Glyder [image file=image_rsrcA1.jpg] He hadn’t read it.“You’re not listening to what I’m saying,” he said sternly to his phone, using his free hand to measure out his patience. “We need to counter with—”He stopped, listened, grew increasingly irate.Clara sat across the white-clothed table with her hands in her lap and watched his nostrils flare familiarly.She’d realized it this morning.She’d stopped by home on the way back from the airport, where she’d landed on the red-eye from LA, and found him in the kitchen eating breakfast. He’d looked up from his morning papers and asked her how it had gone and she’d really thought about it as she’d moved past him to make coffee, then answered, with a sense of candid admission, that it had been wonderful. That the readings had all been well attended and people’s reactions had been sincere; that the panel on the financial crisis, about which she’d been nervous, had gone off without a hitch. To which he’d smirked and asked, as he chewed his sausage, Why on earth did they put you on a panel about that?Clara had paused and looked up from the espresso machine to understand his meaning.But he’d already shifted his attention back to the morning markets and just then noticed the time. And so he’d swallowed the last bite of his breakfast as he stood, then kissed her on the forehead and said he’d see her tonight.She’d stood still and watched him leave the room, her body numb save for the lingering imprint of his lips above her brow, and waited for the front door to click closed. Then she’d moved through the empty quiet to his study, where she’d found the copy she’d given him two months ago—proudly, anxiously, with an inscription it had taken her the better part of an afternoon to write—on the shelf, its spine unbroken.Her face had sunk, but her heart had leaped immediately to his defense. It was her debut novel, after all, and one he had watched her toil over for the past two years; it made no sense that he wouldn’t have read it or at least skimmed it enough to know what it was about.She’d quickly composed a story to explain it: he’d bought a second copy in order to preserve the one she’d inscribed, which not only disproved her fear—it demonstrated the depths of his care. And as for this morning’s comment, it was unusual that a novelist should serve on such a panel, even if it was what her story was about.But when she checked the library on his tablet, then scoured his bedside table and the shelf downstairs and all the other places in the three-story Park Avenue penthouse where a book could reasonably be, all she’d found were worn copies of business strategies and biographies of great white men.“Then tell L. Cecil to extend the goddamn line!” he yelled at the phone, attracting the attention of the women at the table beside them, who perked up at the possibility of finding themselves personally privy to more salacious gossip than that which they’d met to exchange.Clara kept her eyes steady on his, and silently willed him to keep his cool.But whatever the person on the other end of the line said pushed him over the edge, and he slammed his palm on the table. “I am not losing this deal to fucking Brad Tucker because fucking Catherine Wiley is a risk-averse cunt!”Clara bristled and pinched one hand hard with the opposite fingernails to keep from showing it. He shoved his chair back and stormed across the room, and Clara watched, lifting her chin and setting her demeanor to stoic, in preparation for the eyes of all the diners following him now to turn back and settle their judgment on her.The women at the next table were the first to do so, and one of them harrumphed, as if to say, That’s what you get for being an attractive young woman having a Michelin-star dinner with a wealthy older man.“I have the 1992 Bordeaux?”Clara turned to the server as he presented the wine, but her appreciation for the distraction evaporated as soon as she saw his face.He was about her age and confidently attractive, with a silky side-parted wave and a mischievous smile that seemed accustomed to getting what it sought. Above it his sparkling blue eyes reached into hers, boldly, inviting her to admit she was only in it for the money.The server winked when he saw that she understood, whereupon Clara set her jaw and glared back at him, allowing her eyes to steadily fill with such disgust and disdain and disrespect for his clueless implication that the sparkle in his eyes subsided and he shrank back into his proper place.At which point she glanced at the label on the $700 bottle of wine and said: “That’s fine.”He forced a polite smile to cover the anger in his tightened neck, which Clara ignored, as she calmly waited for him to uncork the bottle and fill her glass.“Shall I hold the first course until the gentleman returns?” he asked, curt.“Please,” she said. “I’m sure he won’t be long.”But he was long. Forty-three minutes to be exact, during which time the women beside her left and the restaurant’s empty tables filled and the last of the sunlight dropped behind the faded window sheers.Clara sipped her wine and got increasingly tipsy as she took in the room. She listened to a woman rail on about her colleague’s behavior and the man with her respond with pretend-to-pay-attention mmm’s; she watched a cranky old man demand a server fix something on his check and the server maintain composure until he got back to the kitchen and flicked the man the bird. She counted the indentations in the ceiling’s crown molding and tried tracing the patterns in the carpet without letting her eyes cross. She watched as a teenage girl having dinner with her family pushed lettuce leaves around her plate in early experimentation with how little she could eat, and she watched the girl’s mother oscillate between concern and jealousy and settle on pretend-not-to-see. She thought about the words she would use to describe it all and decided: fading, flailing, failing, flat.She looked back across the restaurant to the entryway, where he paced back and forth with furrowed brow, intermittently listening to and yelling at his headpiece, as the hostess shot glances at the restaurant manager, waiting for the signal that he’d gone far enough to render his regular four-figure-bill patronage moot.The irony of the whole thing was that she’d written the book for him. Not for him as in a dedication to him, but for him as in on his behalf, via characters who showed the side of things the press hadn’t reported when Wall Street had, with him in its leading ranks, collapsed. She wasn’t trying to make him a victim or a hero—the book never would have sold if she had—or to deny that his actions then and now had had consequences on strangers’ lives. She’d just wanted to show that it wasn’t black-and-white from any perspective, that he, and it, hadn’t had malicious intent.Her eyes dropped down to her wine and her brow strained to refuse their sudden heat.“Fucking idiots.”Clara looked up, startled, as he tossed his BlackBerry on the table and snapped his fingers at the server. “Bring everything at once. We have a show to catch.”Clara pushed her thoughts away and sat forward as he took his seat.“So, tell me about this film,” he said, reaching for the roll on his bread plate.“It’s a love story about a French woman and a Syrian refugee,” she said as she watched him slather the bread with butter whose multihyphenated presentation he did not heed. “It’s called Besoin/Vouloir, which means—”“Bez-wa vul-what?” he snorted, lifting a brow as he bit into the roll.“It means ‘need’/‘want’ in French,” she said. “Because in Arabic they’re the same—”“Oh God, it’s not subtitled, is it?” he interrupted, his chewing slowing as his brow cocked.She blinked, her throat constricting with the sudden realization that this day could get worse, and said, carefully, “Yes?”“Aye,” he said, looking away as he reached for his wine, as if he might need a minute to reconsider this deal.Clara’s heart shot into her throat and she sat forward, quickly. “But it’s directed by Lawrence Faber. And Pia d’Or plays the lead. Everyone’s saying it’s going to win best pic—”He cut her off with a flick of his hand just as the server arrived with their food.Clara’s eyes clung to him as he considered the plate being set before him, willing him to understand that she could forgive him for not reading her book, and she could forgive him for spending dinner on the phone, and she could forgive him for being a difficult man, but he could not end tonight here. She could not go home right now, the makeup and the blowout and the wine and her youth and her love all for nothing, while he went back to work and left her alone.She watched him take another sip of wine, then set his glass down as he turned to her and said, “Honestly, Clara—the things I do for you.”And then he winked, and her heartbeat slowed, and he lifted his fork and knife to cut his meat as he glanced back at his BlackBerry, whose little red light had begun to flash again. [image file=image_rsrcA2.jpg] The entrance to Radio City Music Hall was teeming with tourists angling for a view of the star-studded step and repeat, where white cameras flashed behind the fake-foliage barricade that stood between it and them.The driver pulled the Bentley up to the curb and got out of the car to open Clara’s door, whereupon she took his white-gloved hand and absorbed the crowd’s disappointment upon realizing she wasn’t a celebrity. She tried to look pretty anyway as she stood on the sidewalk and waited for him to join her, in the backless black camisole she’d paired with an A-line white skirt that fell to midcalf, heeled sandals, and a stack of bangles she’d bought in India two Christmases ago, whose burgundy speckles matched the rouge on her lip and the soft leather clutch in her hand.“Be back at ten o’clock sharp,” he said to the driver, glancing up from the BlackBerry, on which he’d been tapping since they’d left the restaurant.“Of course, Mr. Crane,” the driver said with military precision, then bowed slightly to Clara and turned to depart.“All right,” he finally said, pressing “Send” and slipping his BlackBerry into his pocket as he sucked in a breath, evaluating the scene she could already tell he despised as he rested his hand on the small of her back and led her toward the VIP entrance.“Mr. Crane!” a voice called, and Clara turned to see a short, exuberant bald man, waving for them as he hurried down the stairs.“Mr. Crane, Bill Matthis,” the man said as he met them at the velvet rope, pushing the twice-his-size guard to the side as he thrust out both hands in greeting. “I’m so glad you could make it tonight, and we’re all so deeply appreciative of your generous contribution.”“It was no problem,” he said, offering his hand with a dismissive pucker of a smile.“I just know you’re going to love this film,” Bill went on, oblivious to the snub, as he used his arm to clear a path for them to pass the ticket checkers and the security screens. “I really do think it’s Faber’s best work, and I don’t need to tell you how much that’s saying.”They reached the front door, and Clara’s heart buoyed up helplessly as they stepped inside and she felt the place’s rush. She loved Radio City Music Hall. She always had, ever since she was a little girl and went to the Christmas show with her nanny because her mother found it crass. She loved the vaudeville stench and the worn, gaudy gold and the red carpet matted with dirt from all the footsteps that had passed. She loved how the air felt electric, as if the walls were oozing the excess excitement and nerves and once-in-a-lifetime possibilities they’d absorbed over the years.“Would she like to meet him?”Clara stopped as the men in front of her did and found them both looking at her.“Sorry, what?” she asked, not meaning to be impolite.“Would you like to meet Lawrence Faber?” Bill asked.She followed his thumb down a small set of stairs to a roped-off press section and blushed despite herself when she saw the director standing in a custom-cut tux.He was well into middle age and objectively not that attractive—his brow was too thick and his midsection too round, and his salt-and-pepper hair was in need of a trim. But there was something about the way he stood, with his hands clasped behind his back, leaning in and nodding as he listened to an old woman lecturing him with a long, wrinkled finger, his blue eyes bright and genuine and interested, that made Clara warm.The woman said something that made him laugh, and he responded through his smile with a quick retort that made her serious brow crack as she smiled, too, charmed.“Jamie! Does he have time for one more?” Bill called to the assistant beside Lawrence. The girl looked up and shook her head adamantly, tapping her finger to her watch as Clara felt hope she hadn’t realized had risen drop with a thud.“Well, maybe after the show,” Bill said, redirecting his attention to Clara as he offered his hand for them to proceed.“Of course,” Clara said with a well-mannered nod.But as they turned to go to their seats, she allowed herself one last glance back at Lawrence, and felt her heart skip when she found him looking at her, eyes wide and lips parted with surprise. [image file=image_rsrcA2.jpg] “Is he still married to what’s-her-name?” the woman behind her asked.“I think they split up,” the other said. “Yes. It says here they divorced last year.”Clara dropped her eyes down over the balcony to where the film’s cast was processing down the center aisle, led by Lawrence Faber, Pia d’Or, and Margot Keane. The first actress bounced, giddily waving at all her fans, and the second kept her face in a put-upon pucker. But Lawrence walked with his weight in the back of his heels and smiled confidently, neither unsure of his right to be there nor afraid to admit he was having a good time.It made Clara’s heartbeat quicken.“Oh, but here it says there’s a rumor he’s dating Pia d’Or,” the woman reported as Clara watched him help the girl with her gown as they slid into their seats. Pia reached to squeeze his hand, and Lawrence beamed back affectionately.Clara swallowed and turned back to the door as the five-minute bell rang.He’d gone to make another call as soon as they’d gotten to their seats fifteen minutes ago, but Clara had resolved not to get upset.They had made it, after all, and she could be grateful for that. Just like she could be grateful that he’d bought the tickets and taken her to dinner and made it financially possible for her to write the book.But why hadn’t he read it?“Stop,” she whispered under her breath, turning back to focus on the curtain.But the thought seeped back in, relentless. What if he’d started it and thought it was bad? Or what if it had upset him? What if he’d thought the woman in the first scene, standing on the subway platform contemplating jumping, was her? Yes, maybe that was it! Maybe she just needed to explain that it wasn’t her. Because it wasn’t. She had thought about jumping, of course, but everyone had, and anyway she—“Is that seat taken?”Clara jumped and turned to the aisle, where a young woman with dark makeup and the air of a drama student pointed to the empty seat beside her.“Yes,” Clara said, guarding it with her hand.The girl peered back, as if she might be lying, then let out a disgusted little laugh as she rolled her eyes and trudged up to the nosebleeds, like Clara should be ashamed to represent a system where powerful people left the best seats empty while those who cared got relegated to the back.Clara’s face flushed, though she was not sure why, of all the judgments made against her that night, that one stung her most.The one-minute bell rang, and the lights began to dim as a man stepped onto the stage to welcome the crowd, and Clara glanced at the door again even though she knew he wasn’t coming.It doesn’t matter, it doesn’t matter, it doesn’t matter, she told herself, like a mantra, until all other thoughts withdrew.The man walked off the stage and the last of the light faded as the curtains pulled open and the gray film screen dropped down and the projector behind her clicked on.The light shone over the crowd, catching dust that floated aimlessly in the air en route to the blank screen, where it offered, in white block letters: Besoin/Vouloir, followed by A Film by Lawrence Faber.She resisted the urge to look down at him, focusing hard on the screen, where a red line rose up from the bottom as his name faded out.The line rose slowly, steadily revealing itself as a rising desert sun, tremoring in the heat as a soft buzzing sound grew in volume. The sun’s tremor grew into a tremble that evolved into a shake, and her pulse involuntarily quickened as the screen seemed to swell and the sun finally . . .Burst. And the screen cut to:The aftermath of a bomb, in the middle of a crowded market somewhere in the Middle East, from which screaming women ran, tears streaming down their cheeks, away from bloodstained bodies as a man, face writhing with desperation, rushed in, just as the screen cut to:A bright-red apple, perfectly round, in the soft, manicured hand of a woman, who brought it to her nose in a market on a bright Parisian street, just as:Clara’s phone buzzed in her purse.She ignored it, keeping her eyes focused on the screen, where subtitles interpreted the woman’s question: How much does the apple cost?The woman reached into her purse for the change, and as she did, it occurred to Clara that it might be him, trying to find their seats.She glanced at the purse in her lap and carefully slid the phone out and held it down by her knee so the light would be less disruptive, then tapped open her email, where a little red “1” had appeared.She blinked, not trusting her eyes, and leaned over as she brought the phone up to read the name again. Her heart stopped, then raced, and she clicked the message open to find:From: Lawrence FaberTo: info@claracrane.comSubject: [none]This is my favorite part so far.[attachment]Clara tapped on the attachment, and her heart screeched still again when she saw a screenshot of his phone, filled with page 7 of her book, with the opening passage of chapter two highlighted in green.She stared at it for a second, and her mind struggled to understand. Then she glanced down at him in his seat, his attention set on the blue glow of the phone in his hand.She breathed through her mouth, shallow and quick: Was Lawrence Faber reading her book? Here, now, at the world premiere of his probably-going-to-win-an-Oscar film?Her phone buzzed again, and she glanced back to it:From: Lawrence FaberTo: info@claracrane.comSubject: Re: [none]Or maybe this.[attachment]She opened it to find another passage, from page 12.She looked back down at him as his finger swiped to the next page.He was!She pulled her phone up into both hands, no longer caring if it was rude, all her concern consumed with how she should respond. Finally, she tapped back:Thank you, but shouldn’t you be watching your film?She hit “Send” and looked down, watched him smile, then tap something back, upon which her phone buzzed again in her hand and she read:I’ve seen it before: What’s your excuse?Then, before she could reply:The view’s better from backstage . . . Want to meet me there?Clara read the email again, and again, and one more time, to make sure she’d read it right.She couldn’t.She had to—The empty seat glared at her, and she blinked at her phone, paralyzed, save her fingers, as she watched them tap back:Yes. [image file=image_rsrcA2.jpg] She got to the bottom of the stairs and saw the black door where he’d instructed her to go.“Excuse me,” she said to the security guard. “I’m—”“Clara?” he interjected, his stern face softening.“Yes,” she said, blushing that he already knew.He opened the door with a mildly reverent bow and indicated a light at the end of a long black-painted hall, into which she stepped, then paused as the heavy door clicked shut behind her.She’d realized as soon as she’d sent the email that he probably wanted to talk about optioning her book to make it into a film, which was beyond exciting—the kind of thing that would make it a bestseller and make her a lot of money in her own right—but also meant she didn’t need to think of this as anything more than a business meeting.Still, her nerves rallied against her cool, grasping less for fear than unbridled excitement, like they wanted to capture every detail of the scene as it unfolded.Her heels clicked as she walked toward the light and found four stairs marked with glowing electric tape leading up to the stage. She ascended them, adjusting from the feel of concrete underfoot to wood, and turned back to be sure this was where she was supposed to go.But there was no other door, and so she moved forward cautiously past the vast system of ropes and pulleys, glancing up at the black-painted metal forest of stage lights and gels and pipes and ladders glowing shadowy blue in the leftover light emanating from the screen downstage.“Clara?”She turned and saw him sticking his head out from behind a black velvet curtain, motioning for her to join him in the wing.She stood for a moment, not hesitant, just suspended, then watched herself walk toward him and smile as she said, “Hi.”His lips parted with surprise that teetered on almost amusement, and her cheeks flushed, realizing she shouldn’t have been so familiar, but before she could correct herself, he said back, with a warm grin, “Hi,” then added, “I’m really enjoying your book.”“You’re only on page thirteen,” she reminded him.“Twenty,” he corrected, patting the phone in his tuxedo pocket. “But I’ve been around long enough to know when I’ve found something I like.”She blushed, caught in his eyes as they glowed in the semi-light of the screen, which reminded her to say: “I love all your films.”“Don’t say that.” He laughed, furrowing his brow. “The Vacation was terrible.”She started to contradict it, but his expression was so secure, as if a box office flop was nothing more than an indication of a life fully lived, that she smiled instead and admitted: “I guess it was my least favorite.”A soft piano solo played from the stage as he studied her for another moment, not judging, just like he wanted to understand her, and she became aware of an uneasy sense that he did, as she shifted and opened her mouth to ask about the option but heard herself instead say: “So, how long have you and Pia been dating?”He tilted his head.Her face flushed again.“Aren’t you—”“Oh, no,” he said, then laughed, not meanly, just like he couldn’t imagine it. “She’s wonderful, but . . .” He paused, choosing his words carefully. “Troubled.”Clara bit the inside of her lip, hard, to contain the spike in her pulse.He smiled again, like he saw it and didn’t mind, then tilted his head and said, “Come here.”She screamed at herself to pull it together as she followed him, but when they got to the edge of the curtain, she gasped.To the left, separating them from the six-thousand-person audience beyond, the screen stretched high, capturing the film’s images in enormous reverse, before casting the light down through the open air and shattering it onto the stage, where it danced like a kaleidoscope of colors happily liberated from the confines of constructed form.“What do you think?” he asked.“It’s mesmerizing,” she said, so suddenly and completely absorbed in the surprise of it that she forgot she ought to stay on guard and, like a child, laughed.He grinned as she turned to him, his blue eyes so full of warmth it made her skin prickle.“Does it ever get old?” she asked.He took a deep breath and peered at the screen, pressing his lips as if he really wanted to consider the question.“I think it’s like love,” he finally concluded, watching the reverse image of the lead couple spotting each other for the first time. “In that you have to work to keep finding it, but it’s always there if you’re willing to make the effort.”He turned back to her and winked. “But that’s the fun kind of work, I think.”Clara stood, too transfixed to be ashamed, and watched as he squared his body toward her, so close she could smell the peppermint on his breath.“Can I ask you a question?” he asked.She nodded, her pulse quickening again—not anxious, just happy—as their irises danced.It felt too right to be wrong and so she didn’t try to stop it as he reached out his hand to clasp hers, firm and certain, and, as soon as the scene changed and the air around them went pitch-dark, gripped her hand harder and—“What are you—” she gasped, her face draining as she tripped out from the wing, just as she heard the whistle of a train.But he didn’t turn, just kept pulling her out behind him, refusing to let go.Clara’s whole body braced, and she dug in her heels, but they were too flimsy to stop his determined pull.The train started to rumble and she turned to the dark screen beside her, her throat burning as the joy in her eyes dried into hopeless horror because the train was louder now, faster and closer, and soon it would burst onto the screen with lights that would reveal them to the audience and ruin everything. But still Lawrence Faber pulled her out toward the center of the stage, just as lightning flashed, washing the stage in electric white as the screen opened up to the train pummeling straight for them and—Nothing.The train broke into a million pieces of harmless light that danced—bright and glowing—across her skin, then continued on to fade into a scramble of light on the stage behind them as the audience realized . . . nothing.She turned to Lawrence, her adrenaline still racing.“Is this what it feels like?” he asked over the sounds of the train that continued to run, harmlessly, through them, his focus steady on her through the chaotic light racing over his skin.“What?” she stammered, not yet sure what to think.“Everybody looking but no one can see,” he said just as the scene shifted to still, lighting his face in a dewy morning glow in which she watched his bright, certain eyes soften.It was so quiet, she could hear their breathing, so still she could feel the waves of a simple piano melody as it started to play. And before she could stop it, her brow pinched and the tears she hadn’t allowed herself since she was a little girl welled up too full to contain, and he grasped her hand more tightly and pulled her into his embrace.He pushed his hands into her hair and pressed his lips into the tears, working his way from her eyelids down her cheeks to her lips, where he held them, gently firm as his hands cradled her face, and Clara felt herself melt into a memory she’d never made.Their mouths opened together, and she lifted her hands to hold his neck as he slipped his fingers down to her waist and pulled her farther into his body. He dropped his lips to her ear, to her neck, to her chest, where he gently released her breast from the top of her camisole, taking it in his mouth as it pressed firm and full to meet him. Her eyes fell open enough to see the towering image on the screen, of the film’s couple undressing each other between passionate kisses in an airy white bed, and she breathed heavier as she watched, then looked down at the back of his head kissing her chest, realizing he—of course—knew.A flood of warmth dropped between her legs, and her nipple grew harder against his tongue with the thought, and he, feeling it, moved his hands more firmly down her skirt. He felt beneath it for all the details of her smooth legs’ shape as he worked his way up to grip her bare hips, then brought his lips back to her mouth as he lifted her up. She wrapped her legs around his waist as he carried her through the dancing lights until they got to the back of the stage, where he pressed her against the brick wall between two pulley ropes, balancing her hips on a metal beam as he dropped to his knees between hers.His tongue slid inside her with the same confident ease with which he’d pulled her onto the stage, and he pushed the layers of her skirt back and gripped her hips to bring his mouth more wholly around her. She gasped as her sensations pulled toward him, and she reached for the ropes on either side, her bare breast electric cool in the fearlessly open exposure.She felt her body pulse against his tongue as she watched his mouth move with undeniable want, and when it got to be too much, she looked out across the stage to the screen, where the couple was now in bed, bodies passionately entangled. The sight of their pleasure only caused her own to rise as her mind lost more grip and their bodies dissipated into nothing more than translucent shapes. But that, in turn, reminded her of the thousands of people beyond the screen, looking at her, oblivious, and Clara, with overwhelming ecstasy, came into Lawrence’s mouth.He held her firmly as the waves consumed her, catching each one between his lips until it was all out and she felt him breathe her in one more time before he brought his face back up to hers.“How do you feel?” he whispered after a moment, keeping his face close as he pushed a strand of hair from where it had fallen across her forehead.“Empty,” she said, honest, and smiled.He smiled, too, his eyes full of understanding that made her feel, for the first time in as long as she could remember, fully seen. But in the intimacy of that moment, she couldn’t help but notice a speck in his eye—a loneliness, a melancholy—that she recognized all too well. Her heart ached, to see it in him, and she rallied her energy to stretch up to kiss it away.“I want you to fill me back up,” she whispered in his ear.He hardened against her leg at the words.She kissed him more deeply so he knew she meant it, and he lifted her up again as their tongues re-entangled. He carried her back to the center of the stage, with a different kind of passion that made her feel wanted and needed and good.She pushed off his jacket and reached to undo his bow tie; he dropped her to the stage as he pulled off her clothes. Her bare back landed cool on the floor, and he climbed on top of her as he undid his belt. He pressed himself inside her with such fullness and force it made her breath catch as her body stretched to make room for each determined thrust. They made love there in the middle of the stage, hard and wet and tender and understanding, as the film’s lights broke against their bodies and the music beat through the floor, and he came deep inside her as she watched him rise up and then fall, blanketing her naked body in the warm weight of his. [image file=image_rsrcA2.jpg] Clara found Lawrence in the empty lobby, standing with his hands clasped behind his back, looking up at the Ezra Winter mural above the stairs.She’d gone to the restroom to straighten up, but she could still feel her skin glowing as she walked toward him and said, “Hi.”“Hi,” he said, with a smile, like no one understood the word quite like they did.She bit her lip, happy, and asked, “What were you thinking about?”He turned, as if shifting his full focus back to her, and said, “I was actually thinking about what your next book should be.”Her heart leaped.“I think the—” he started, but stopped as they both heard his phone begin to ring.He slid it out of his pocket to see who it was and glanced at her apologetically.“Take it!” she said, flicking away his concern, because of course she understood, especially on a night like tonight.He winked as he turned and lifted the phone to say, “Hello?”Clara, in the meantime, stepped up to the mural, trying to imagine what, in it, he saw.“Clara!”Her spine instinctively straightened at the sound of the voice as she turned and saw him barreling across the empty lobby, mad.“Clara, where have you been? I’ve been—”He stopped five feet away, and Clara gathered her voice to offer the explanation she’d planned, but his eyes were focused past her, on Lawrence, whom she heard wrapping up his call.She watched his eyes narrow as she felt Lawrence approach.“Lawrence Faber,” he said, reaching out his hand.“Michael Crane,” he replied, taking it.Clara’s pulse rose hot as she watched the two men size each other up, the one with confident ease and the other with possessive distrust that gave her the slightest bit of thrill.“Your daughter is very talented,” Lawrence finally said.“I’m aware,” her father replied.She coughed on a reflexive laugh, and looked at him as if to say, How would you know? But when she saw the intensity in his deep-blue eyes—broken only by the tiniest speck of melancholy—she stopped.She turned back quickly to Lawrence, but the look in his eyes only exacerbated the condensation of her happiness into something nauseatingly cold as she dropped her gaze down to their hands, still gripped before her, and could not tell whose was whose.Her chest started to constrict, as if they were squeezing her heart between their palms, and all the ice spread out to all the places on her body Lawrence had touched and been. And when, at last, their hands ungripped and they turned to her and said, in unison: “Clara, are you coming?”It hit.They were the same.They weren’t, but they were, and—She glanced from one to the other, seeing their wrinkles and their scars and their ambitions and their pains and the interest they had in her as well as the impatience, now, for her to make up her mind.A rumbling in the background started, and she thought at first it was a train, but it wasn’t. It was just the applause of the audience indicating that the movie was finally over.Which jolted her to see one more thing: that they were both men. Nothing less, but also nothing more.And Clara felt a pressure that was so much a part of her she hadn’t recognized its existence until that moment it suddenly dispersed.“No,” she said in answer to their question. Neither of their faces understood, but it (really) didn’t matter now. And so, with genuine appreciation for all each of them had done for her, she took a deep breath and smiled, then turned to join the crowd as it flooded into the lobby, and headed out into the warm night air to see what it felt like to write a story for no one but herself.ABOUT THE AUTHOR [image file=image_rsrcA3.jpg] Photo © Khristopher MorganMichelle Miller wrote pseudonymously until the publication of her debut novel, The Underwriting, which was translated into twenty languages and developed for television with Fox. She holds a BA and MBA from Stanford University and, in a past life, worked at JP Morgan’s private bank. Michelle lives between London and Asheville, North Carolina, where she was born and raised.