Title : Alicia (The Fairer Sex collection)
Author: Miller, Michelle




 [image file=image_rsrc9Z.jpg] This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organizations, places, events, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.Text copyright © 2019 by Michelle MillerAll rights reserved.No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without express written permission of the publisher.Published by Amazon Original Stories, Seattlewww.apub.comAmazon, the Amazon logo, and Amazon Original Stories are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc., or its affiliates.eISBN: 9781542093408Cover design and illustration by Kimberly Glyder [image file=image_rsrcA0.jpg] Iwant to give you a million dollars to have sex with me.”Alicia looked up, her fork and knife suspended over her salad plate.David blinked, looked down, and coughed, as if to dislodge discomfort from his throat.“You need the money,” he went on, resuming the cutting of his lamb. His voice was professional, pragmatic, practiced. “You’re a talented artist, Alicia, and a million dollars will give you enough to quit your job and support yourself while you build your portfolio.”He successfully severed a bite and rested his wrists on the table.Alicia hadn’t moved, and she didn’t.“Say something,” he said, straining to control his trademark impatience.The Four Seasons dining room swirled behind him with the chatter and dealmaking of Manhattan’s power-lunch set, to which David Merced, the forty-eight-year-old, $78-billion-net-worth activist–hedge fund manager, decidedly belonged.He was also a decided asshole, a brash capitalist known for blasting company CEOs in public shareholder letters, firing the bottom-performing 10 percent of his staff each Christmas, and spending $17 million on negative ads to prevent the reelection of a local politician who’d blocked his plan to build an Olympic-size swimming pool on the roof of his Tribeca penthouse.“I can’t,” she said, turning her eyes back down to a piece of avocado.David was also married, to an intelligent and age-appropriate woman, with three children, none of whom were fuckups, which was the evidence Alicia had always cited to defend him as a deep-down good guy to those he offended, and to thereby justify the undeniable fact that she always looked forward to seeing him.But good guys didn’t proposition twenty-years-younger women for sex, which meant her defense had been unwarranted and the narrative she’d crafted of theirs as a relationship built on mutual platonic admiration was wrong.She put the fork down, her appetite gone.“I need to go,” she said, pushing back her chair.“Don’t you need me to fill out the mortgage paperwork?”Alicia paused to look back at him. He couldn’t be serious.“That’s why we’re here, correct?” David asked, his face stern.Her throat burned.Alicia worked as an associate in the private bank of L. Cecil, where, for the past four years, she had helped manage the Merced family’s checking, savings, and lending needs. In that capacity, she had also attended the Michelin-star lunches and swank client events the bank hosted for its ultra-high-net-worth clients, which was how David had come to know her as more than an email address, and how, after too many cocktails at the Robin Hood Benefit last year, he’d learned she really wanted to devote her life to her art and was only at L. Cecil to pay back the $95,000 she still owed for her undergraduate degree.She jerked the file out of her bag and flung it on the table.“Thank you,” he said, refusing to acknowledge her anger as he pulled out a Montblanc pen.She glared at him as he calmly read through the papers, each breath getting shorter as the unfairness of her position set in. If she did it, she was a whore, and any success she had as an artist would always be tainted with that secret. And if she refused, he would probably leave the firm, or at least request to be assigned to a different banker, and she’d be held responsible for losing her team’s biggest account. And if she went to her boss and told him what had happened, all her coworkers would inevitably find out, and the jealousy they’d always harbored over the fact David trusted her and not them would dissipate into the snickering, satisfied conclusion that it—and for that matter, all her success—had been due only to some subversive strategy of sexual manipulation. And even though she would vehemently deny it, she would still, she knew, because she already was, feel all her confidence erode with the possibility that her sexuality really was the thing about her that was most valuable in a society run by men like David Merced, so accustomed to getting what they wanted they had no imperative to question whether it was fair.“Why won’t you do it?” he asked without looking up from the interest rate chart.“Because I’m not a whore,” she said, holding her pride firm.“Spending your time bringing men like me paperwork for mortgages is a waste of your talent,” he said, flipping to the next page, his crisp green eyes scanning its terms. “I’m trying to help you.”“If you were trying to help me, you would just give me the money,” she said, bold.“There is no such thing as a selfless act, Alicia,” he said all-knowingly as he moved his pen down to the last signature box. “Everyone has an ulterior motive when they give something, and I respect you enough to tell you mine.”He looked up to make sure she got that.Her cheeks flushed, but she swallowed it down.“How many girls have you done this to?” she demanded.He signed the last box and closed his pen.“None,” he said, then looked at her with such sudden openness she felt her lips part.He dropped his eyes back down, and she watched him gather the papers together and tap them into a straight pile.“Why me?” she asked softly.He paused but didn’t look up.“I don’t know,” he finally said, and his voice was so uncharacteristically uncertain, she knew it was true. But she also felt, as they lingered in that moment, something she instinctively recognized, even though it was also unfamiliar: her own absolute, obliterative power.He must have felt it, too, because he sucked in a sharp breath and thrust the papers at her, any hint of vulnerability gone.“I’ll need to know by the weekend,” he said, his tone restored to its dealmaking clip. “If we move forward, I’ll set up a trust in Cayman in your name and deposit the money after we meet.”Alicia didn’t take the papers and kept her eyes steady on him.“I could sue you for sexual harassment and make a lot more than a million dollars,” she heard herself say, not ready to give up the authority she’d uncovered.His eyes narrowed ever so slightly, but he didn’t flinch.“You won’t,” he said.“How do you know?” she taunted.David’s brow stayed calm, but his eyes went clear, amused almost, as he put down the papers and leaned toward her, so close she could smell the sandalwood on his clean-shaven skin, and said, with unwavering certainty, “Because you want to have sex with me too.” [image file=image_rsrcA1.jpg] Alicia stepped off the subway at Columbus Circle and crossed the street to the Mandarin Oriental hotel.She entered the revolving door and crossed the black-marble lobby and rode the elevator to the twenty-seventh floor, where she walked directly to the reception desk.“I have a reservation under X----,” she said.The woman’s eyes scrolled down her computer screen, found it.“You’re in Suite 3807, overlooking Central Park,” she said. “Any luggage?”“My partner is bringing it,” Alicia said, keeping her neck long.“Great.” The woman handed her the key. “Enjoy your stay.”Alicia took the key, turned back to the elevator, pressed the button for the thirty-eighth floor, and watched the doors close.This was not prostitution.This was a trade.A clean, efficient, supply-demand exchange with someone whose utility function was the inverse of her own.If there were any guilty party at hand, it was the capitalist patriarchy on which America ran and from which she was, as soon as this was over, finally breaking free.Such was the resolution she had come to over the course of the weekend, without giving any consideration to his supposition that she wanted it, because it didn’t matter if she did; it had no place in the decision’s equation.The elevator doors opened, and Alicia followed the signs to 3807, walking carefully on her low heels, which, along with the simple black wrap dress and tights, the blow-dried-but-not-curled hair, and the natural makeup she would have worn to work anyway, felt appropriately ambivalent.She reached the door and paused, her fingers resting on the handle.What about his wife?“Stop,” she said quickly, restraightening her spine.She had no place in the decision either. Her life had its own parameters, options, and trades, and the fact that Alicia might serve as the physical embodiment of one that came with her marriage to David did not make her responsible for its existence, its ramifications, or any feelings it might cause.She pushed the door open, resolved.The suite was predictably spacious, made to feel even more so by the floor-to-ceiling windows that looked out over Central Park. Purple cushions topped a white semicircle sofa tied together with a white-and-purple-patterned rug laid out on a dark wooden floor. A flat-screen TV swiveled on a low bookcase, and on the coffee table, a silver tray was arranged with a bottle of champagne and four chocolate-covered strawberries drizzled with white fondant.She let out her breath, relieved that it felt like a corporate interpretation of romance, which wouldn’t taint any aesthetics whose associations she wished to preserve for actual love.She glanced at the bedroom door but didn’t go in.Instead, she put her purse on the coffee table and sat on the couch.She crossed her legs, interlaced her fingers around her knee, and pulled her back straight.She checked her watch.It was 3:54.Six minutes.She made circles with her ankle and watched the door.She had emailed David on Sunday evening to confirm her decision, and he had called her back with instructions to meet at this hotel today at four, where he’d make a reservation under the false name he’d provided.The next morning she’d gotten the paperwork for the Cayman trust, and it had been opened that afternoon.She hadn’t quit her job; she’d just told her boss she had a doctor’s appointment, and she’d done everything in her power to resist the temptation to think about what she was going to do once the money came in.Still, thoughts had swirled in the tender moments between waking and sleep: of a studio loft in Paris, with big windows and bare canvases, of days spent in the d’Orsay sketching copies to perfect her craft and late nights splashing paints for unmeasured hours, uninhibited by the world’s prescribed routines.She wanted it so badly she could taste it, see it, feel it so real in her bones that she knew it had to be, even if getting there meant—“Don’t,” she cut herself off aloud.She checked her watch again: 3:56.Her phone beeped, and she reached for it too quickly.It was a sale alert email from Bloomingdale’s.She pushed out a breath, chiding herself for having held it, and scrolled to the bottom of the message to click “Unsubscribe.”The phone redirected her to a Safari browser page and asked if she was sure.She tapped, resolutely, Yes.It said, We’re sorry to see you go.She rolled her eyes and put the phone back in her purse.She switched the cross of her legs.She tapped her foot.She thought about the women’s magazine article she’d read once about how many calories a girl could burn by developing a subtle fidgeting habit.She counted each tap and calculated how many she’d need to do to earn a strawberry.She decided that was stupid and stopped. She pushed a strand of hair behind her ear.She turned her focus back to the door and pressed her lips to moisten them, then scraped the excess from the corners of her mouth with her fingernail and coughed gently to ensure her throat was clear.When David came in, she was going to say hi but stay seated. She was going to let him take the lead, and if he hesitated, she was going to say, “How do you want to do this?” in a voice that was neither interested nor rude.She would not flirt, she would not provoke, she would not enjoy beyond what was merely polite. She would do nothing to imply she thought herself a victim, but also nothing to suggest this could or should happen again—or that he ought to want it to.She checked her watch: 3:59.Almost there.She watched the door again, focusing this time on the S-shaped gold handle.She counted: One, two, three, four.She observed the burning in her throat, the clench in her stomach, the clamminess in her palms. She took a deep breath to let it go. It didn’t.She wiped her palms on the sofa’s cushion and reclasped them around her knee.The clamminess returned immediately.She went back to counting: Twenty-one, twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four.The door stood still; the handle didn’t move.Come on! she willed the door.Nothing.Was it four o’clock yet?It couldn’t be; he was always on time.She resolved to not look at her watch.Now?Don’t.Now?Not yet.Now? No. Now? No. Now?Fine.4:02.What?She blinked at her wrist: How could it be 4:02?Maybe her watch was wrong.She reached for her phone.It said 4:03.A different kind of burn flamed up in Alicia’s throat: Why was he late?Chill out, she said to herself. He’d probably meant he’d be getting to the hotel at four, not to the room. It had taken her at least six minutes to check in and ride the elevator.She sat back again but realized, suddenly, how pathetic she must look sitting there like an eager puppy and pushed onto her feet, scanning the room for something else to do, just as the elevator dinged in the hall.She jumped and turned, the anticipation even more electric this time as she stood, paralyzed, and watched the door.She watched. She waited.Nothing.Alicia breathed heavily, willing the door to move.It didn’t.“Goddammit,” she whispered, her nerves rolling over into an irritation that propelled her toward the door to open it. But as soon as she got there, she stopped.What if he was just outside, caught in his own dilemma?She leaned forward, quietly pressing her ear to the door.Her lips parted, surprised by her sudden certainty that that was it.David was on the other side of the door, nervous.He was afraid of disappointing her, afraid he already had. He was worried she wouldn’t see that he hadn’t meant to offend her; that the offer was the only way he knew to make sure he could see her alone, which he wanted—had—to do because she was the only one who made him feel alive; the only one who made him see that life could be about more than power, and relationships could be more than trades, in a way that didn’t feel conciliatory or weak. But she made him vulnerable, too, which was unfamiliar ground for David Merced, and so he was on the other side of the door, nervous.Affection welled up through Alicia’s veins, and before she could stop herself, she pulled the door open, her lips already moving to say, Fine, I admit it: I’m attracted to you and I always have been and I don’t know why either. I just know once you touch me I’ll never be able to go back, so I’m scared, too, but—The hall was empty.She stopped.She blinked.Where . . . ?She looked to her right down the hall, to her left.Nothing.No one.Her face flushed.“Fuck!” she said, letting the door slam as she turned back through the sitting room and the bedroom to the bathroom, where she jerked on the faucet and ran cold water over her hands and patted the burn from her cheeks.She looked in the mirror.“You do not love this man, Alicia,” she told her image. “And he does not love you. And after today you are never, ever, ever going to think about him again.”She kept her eyes on their reflection until the rest of her body had caught up to their determination, then turned off the water and returned to the sitting room.It was 4:22.She went to the desk by the window and picked up the phone.“Good afternoon, Ms. X----,” the voice at hotel reception answered. “How can I help?”“Has a gentleman—my partner—checked in yet?”“No, madam.”Alicia clenched her teeth. “Are there any messages?”“No, madam, no messages.”She hung up the phone.The afternoon sun had dropped low enough that the building cast a shadow over Central Park, segmenting the trees into dark green and darker.She returned to the sofa and sat.She reached for a strawberry and took a bite. The chocolate crumbled as it broke between her teeth, the sugary juice of the fruit’s unexpected ripeness spilling stickily down her chin. She held out a hand too late to catch it and glanced down at the drip, then up at the door, already hearing the laughter of the universe that waited for him to walk in now, with her mouth full.But he didn’t. The room stayed still, and so she moved to the bathroom again and washed her hands, and her mouth, and wet the corner of a towel to wipe the strawberry juice off her breast lest he interpret her carelessness as some kind of intention.She heard a key in the door, and her head snapped up. She moved quickly, knowing she shouldn’t be in the bedroom when he arrived, and got back to the sitting room just as the door opened.A maid.“So sorry. I come back,” the woman said.“Do you have a message?” Alicia demanded.“No, I was just going to clean,” she said. “You want me to clean?”“I just checked in—why on earth would I need you to clean?” Alicia snapped, her pulse racing.The maid’s head dropped, and she started to back away.“I’m so sorry. I didn’t—” Alicia started, hating herself, but the woman just shook her head like she’d been trained to expect abuse and let the door slam.Alicia closed her eyes, willing herself to pull it together.When her pulse had recovered, she checked her watch: 4:36.Maybe she’d gotten the time wrong.She checked her phone again, reread his email. It definitely said four and today’s date.Maybe he’d hit the wrong key and actually meant five.But five o’clock came and went, and David did not arrive.She went to the minibar and opened a bottle of vodka and mixed it with orange juice in a highball glass.She should send him a message.It would be strange, in fact, if she didn’t.She took her drink back to the couch, opened a new email on her phone, entered his email address, and typed, Everything okay? She hit “Send” and waited for the swoosh.She carried her drink to the bedroom and confronted it more boldly this time. She imagined standing on her knees, naked on top of the crisp sheets, gripping the headboard as he, also naked and on his knees, moved in and out behind her. She imagined his thighs, strong and flexed as they pushed, his arms strong and flexed as they pulled, his triathlete abdomen strongly flexing with every breath against the soft curve of her behind, the soft arch of her spine, the soft roundness of her breasts as they swung free.She allowed herself questions: Did he have a lot of chest hair? How did his balls hang? Was he circumcised? How wet/sharp/full would his tongue be when he kissed her? Would he snore after they finished or cuddle or get up and leave?The bed looked back at her, indifferent, and she took the last sip of her drink. She returned to the other room and calmly checked her phone, but found no reply.She looked at her unanswered email and scoffed, shaking her head as her patience gave way to irritation, but just as she tossed the phone back onto the sofa, a new possibility hit her, so visceral and obvious she didn’t know how she hadn’t considered it before.Was he watching her?She glanced around the room, looking for a hidden camera, because he could have done that—could have checked in early and installed one somewhere, then paid the woman downstairs to pretend Alicia was the first one to arrive, just so he could—She froze in midthought, and her blood drained so fast she thought she’d be sick.Was this a setup?Had he done something to piss off the SEC and, to get off, said he could get them something good to take down L. Cecil? Were the police watching her right now, from Catherine Wiley’s office, saying, So, is this your strategy for serving Private Wealth clients? While her colleagues peered through the office windows, taking videos on their phones they were already gleefully uploading onto the inter—“No!” she gasped, as she scrambled back to the sofa and reached for the phone, her fingers trembling as her parents’ horrified faces flashed into her mind and she tapped L. Cecil private bank scandal into her browser. She waited for the search results to load, her eyes going blurry behind the tears as she anticipated her stupidly, naively smiling bio pic alongside the headline, but—Nothing.Just an article from 2013 about a banker in Hong Kong who had embezzled money.She closed her eyes and breathed through her nose, waiting for the tears to dry.“One more hour,” she said. She would give him one more hour.She went back to the minibar and took out another vodka.This time she drank it straight.She took off her shoes and turned on the television and watched the end of a rerun of The Office. She wondered if there was any other man in the world like John Krasinski, and if a girl would have to be as perfect as Emily Blunt to marry him. She picked up the paper and flipped to a report by Jonathan Brindle on the decline in opportunity for young Americans, but the first two lines made her depressed, so she skipped to the review of a new novel about the financial crisis, but then realized it was a paid-for ad and, irritated, put the paper down.She ate another strawberry. Poured another vodka.She went back to the window and considered the dark shadows of the trees in the park. She let her booze-calmed mind drift and imagined Little Red Riding Hood skipping through them, then reached for the paper and pen on the desk and started to draw.She drew the park first, then started on the perimeter, the buildings of Central Park South and the monolith at Columbus Circle and the tower she was in and the Trump Hotel looming large across the street. She sketched them oversize, curving in over the park like gargoyles. She shaded the shadows cast by the trees and the shadows cast by the buildings so there was no telling which was which, then drew the full moon, which was growing bolder in the clear night sky. She rummaged in her bag for the red pen she knew was there, then paused as she held it above the page: Where was Little Red Riding Hood supposed to go? And where was the Wolf? Was he in the trees or the buildings or the traffic or the crowd?Alicia sipped her drink. This felt important.She heard something in the hallway but did not, this time, turn.Instead, she moved the red pen to the paper and sketched the girl, snug in her coat, on top of the tallest leaning building, lying on her back, oblivious to the danger of its ghoulish lean, looking up at the stars, above the world, alone.David wasn’t coming.She knew it now, without having to look at her phone.She traced Little Red Riding Hood’s coat again with her pen.He’d lost interest in her, and he’d reneged.He’d liked her because she was beyond his reach, and as soon as she’d become just another predictable object of his possession, she’d become—because she was—just another girl undervaluing her worth. Another girl susceptible to money. Another girl who wanted too much too desperately, and knew neither how to get it nor how to make it stop.She ran the pen back and forth, letting the heat well in her eyes.She traced the pen in circles around Little Red Riding Hood’s head, pressing heavier and deeper into her brain.Her brow furrowed harder as the pen’s ink began to saturate the paper and the threads started to come apart, finally ripping a hole where Little Red Riding Hood’s face should have been.Alicia wasn’t getting the million dollars and she wasn’t going to Paris and she wasn’t quitting her job and she wasn’t getting out.A sob welled in her throat, but she swallowed it forcefully down, pushing herself up from the chair as she crumpled the paper in her hand and threw it across the room.She grabbed her purse and headed for the door, out to the elevator, angrily pressing the “Down” button over and over and over again until the car came, and she rode it down and hurried through the lobby and out the revolving door to the end of the sidewalk. She crossed the street to the subway and felt the shadows looming from the park and the buildings and the asphalt underfoot, and she knew the Wolf was everywhere and that no woman could ever really be free: that the most she could hope for was space to carve the best path she could through the messes created by the ambivalent actions of thoughtless men. [image file=image_rsrcA1.jpg] The next morning, Alicia got up when her alarm went off and showered and put on a plain black suit.She rode the 6 train to Midtown, showed her employee badge to the L. Cecil security guard, and streamed into the building with the other monotonous bodies.She went to the big conference room for the private bank’s morning meeting and sat in a seat four in from the left in the third row from the back. She listened to a banker read the market update and another present on how to talk to clients about the fixed-incomes desk’s new high-yield bond portfolio.When the meeting was over, she stood and moved with her hundred-odd colleagues to the elevator bank, and when it was her turn, she squeezed between two other bodies and reached forward to press “28.” The elevator proceeded to stop on every floor, and after a while someone said, “I guess we caught the local,” and someone else laughed, like they’d never heard that one before.When the car arrived at the twenty-eighth floor, Alicia said, “Excuse me,” and stepped off and headed for her cube.She walked past her colleagues and sat down at her desk and moved her mouse to wake her monitor.She saw, without surprise, that she had twenty-six new emails, but when she opened the box to go through them, she stopped.The second from the top was from David Merced, subject line: [none].Her jaw clenched and she felt her breath grow thick.She directed her mouse toward it to hit “Delete.”But when the pointer got there, her finger refused to click, and she watched her hand move the mouse to open the email instead.There was no text, just two attachments.She hesitated, but finally directed the mouse to click open the first attachment.It was a bill from the Mandarin Oriental for $51.88 in minibar charges.The muscles in her face went icy hot, and she felt the insult steadily grow into a rage that propelled her fury-trembling hand to the second attachment, which she clicked open to find—A wire confirmation, from David Merced’s L. Cecil account, to her trust in Cayman in the amount of $999,949.22.ABOUT THE AUTHOR [image file=image_rsrcA2.jpg] Photo © Khristopher MorganMichelle Miller wrote pseudonymously until the publication of her debut novel, The Underwriting, which was translated into twenty languages and developed for television with Fox. She holds a BA and MBA from Stanford University and, in a past life, worked at JP Morgan’s private bank. Michelle lives between London and Asheville, North Carolina, where she was born and raised.