Title : The Selected (The Selected Series, Book 1)
Author: Hope, Rebecca




The SelectedRebecca HopeThe Selected (The Selected Series, Book 1)Copyright 2013 by Rebecca Hopewww.rebeccahope.comAll rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.Printed in the United States of AmericaFirst Printing, 2013Send inquiries to the author at rebecca@rebeccahope.comThis book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, resemblances, features, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.Cover photo copyright by Vasily Pindyurin. Artwork created by Rima at http://fictionchick.deviantart.com/.ContentsChapter 1Chapter 2Chapter 3Chapter 4Chapter 5Chapter 6Chapter 7Chapter 8Chapter 9Chapter 10Chapter 11Chapter 12Chapter 13Chapter 14Chapter 15Chapter 16Chapter 17Chapter 18Chapter 19Chapter 20Connect With the Author…Courage comes from love.Chapter 1The boys towered over my sister Dani, leering at her, reaching out with sticks to pull up the hem of her white button-up shirt. She clutched at it, trying to hold it tight against her body. Her wide brown eyes were red-rimmed from crying. Turning around and around, she tried to keep the invading sticks at bay as the seventeen-year-old boys circled around her under a large maple tree.“Leave her alone,” I said. My voice sounded surprisingly steady, despite the sick feeling in my gut and the way my palms were getting clammy. “She’s too young for you.”Heads turned and all eyes fell on me. I stood directly behind Matt. His shoulders tensed beneath his burnt-red Henley shirt as I spoke, perhaps because the nearness of my voice startled him. He swung around to face me. His eyebrows shot up as his icy-blue eyes swept over my body.“Is that so, Aurora?” he said with a sickening smile that further twisted my gut.I looked past his shoulder at Dani. The relief flicked briefly across her face. Her eyes narrowed as if to silently ask me, “Are you sure?” I nodded back slightly to confirm. She knew she’d have to run as soon as she got the chance. We’d done this dozens of times before.“Yes, she’s too young,” I answered Matt. It’s not as if I wanted to be near these predators, but at least I was older than Dani. I was seventeen, the same age as these taunting boys.A single drop of sweat slid past Matt’s sandy-blond bangs and down his forehead. His mouth hung slightly open, making him look like an excited predator.Matt, Chris, and Luke circled me as if I was an injured animal. I felt a stick slide up my inner thigh from behind me. Someone laughed. I slapped the stick away. That’s when Dani took off running for home. And that’s when I smashed the palm of my hand into Matt’s nose.He screamed and clutched at his face. I saw the blood running through his fingers as I barreled my way past him. This was my chance to run too.I kept running—across the parking lot, down one street, and then up all the side streets and alleys I knew, being careful to run away from our house so that I didn’t lead the boys back to Dani. I never turned my head to see how closely they followed me. Instead, I depended on my ears as I listened to their shouts. I could hear their shoes pounding on the pavement whenever they got close.I ran through buildings—in the front door, down long hallways of old apartment buildings—and out the backside. Over walls. I crawled under rusty fences, praying the metal didn’t snag my clothing and capture me. On and on I kept going until my lungs burned and my legs felt like giving out. My heavy backpack bounced on my back and pulled at my shoulders.I ducked into an alley and hid behind a black metal Dumpster. I flung off my backpack and pressed my back to the brick wall. I hoped that the three boys chasing me hadn’t seen me.The stench from days-old trash filled my nostrils: fish mingled with rotting fruit and milk—the kind of stench that only comes from piles of garbage cooking in their metal containers under the sun day after day. It smelled like animal flesh rotting in the pile alongside the fish and fruit.I slid my shirt up over my mouth and nose to coax back the bile that crawled up my throat.Footsteps pounding. Shouts. “Where’d she go?”My heart hammered in my chest, and the sound of my heavy breathing seemed magnified rather than muffled in my shirt. I squeezed my eyes shut tight and pressed my back even harder to the cool wall, willing myself to get smaller and just disappear into the shadows.The pounding footsteps receded. The shouts became more distant. I let out a breath. My shoulders relaxed. I was safe—this time. But I needed to stay here at least another hour to be absolutely sure that the group had stopped its pursuit.What did it matter, anyway? It was going to be the same thing tomorrow morning when I went back to school. I could handle myself. But I worried about my fourteen-year-old sister, Dani. I hoped she made it home safely after I diverted the bullies. I’d find out soon.I let my shirt slide away from my nose. If you sit among garbage long enough, you get used to the smell. This was a lesson I learned way before today, though.Then I heard it again: footsteps. Not running. No shouting. But the footsteps grew louder and echoed off the brick buildings that lined this alley. I pulled in a breath and held it. My hand came up to my mouth. Panic fluttered in my stomach.The footsteps slowed as they neared the Dumpster where I hid. They stopped. I heard someone breathing loudly, as if winded. The footsteps shuffled closer. Then a shadow fell over me, and I looked up at the silhouette looming six feet over me.“Rory?” A male voice.I scrambled to my feet. “Oh, my god, what are you doing here?” I asked as I wrapped my hands around the boy’s neck.It was Simon, my best friend. Sometimes people mistook us for brother and sister since we both had red hair and hazel eyes, although his hair was darker than mine. I certainly loved him as a brother.“I saw what happened at school, so I followed you here,” Simon said as he returned my embrace. Then he stepped back. His wavy hair lay matted to his forehead with sweat. He must have been running the whole time, which was no easy task, since Simon didn’t exactly have an athletic build. His soft belly pushed out his white shirt and hung over the black belt and pants of his school uniform.“The boys are gone?” I asked.“Yeah, they thought they saw you going the other direction,” Simon answered as he picked up my backpack from the ground. “Let’s get you home.”***My house’s rusty screen door creaked as Dani swung it open. “Rory! You got away? You’re okay?” Her eyes widened with concerned.“I’m okay.” I only had the strength for a couple words. The post-adrenaline rush always exhausted me. The heart can only race for so long before exhaustion sets in.“See you tomorrow,” Simon said as he handed my backpack to me.“Thank you, Simon.” I wrapped my arms around him again. Then I waved and turned to walk up the front stairs, being sure to skip over the crumbling first step.Dani reached out to touch me on the forearm as I walked by. “Thanks,” she whispered. No more words were needed. She knew I’d do anything for her.Once inside, I trudged up the worn wooden stairs to the bathroom and closed the door. I really wanted to crawl under the covers and take a long nap. But my clothes were grimy from hiding in the alley, and based on the way Dani had wrinkled her nose when I walked by, I suspected I wore the scent of rotting garbage the way some old women wear cheap perfume.I stripped out of the mandatory school uniform—black slacks, white button-down shirt—and dropped them into a heap on the yellowed linoleum floor. I carefully untied the worn, leather strap that served as a necklace and set it on the sink’s chipped countertop.At the end of the leather strap was a gold medallion with an “S” cut out of it. My mother, Sarah, gave it to me when I was very young. She told me the medallion would always keep her close to my heart. It was the only thing I owned that had any actual value. But I’d never once considered selling it, not even when my stomach rumbled with hunger pangs.Every time I touched the medallion, I could hear my mother’s voice: “Courage comes from love, Aurora. When you love yourself, you’ll find the courage to be who you are. When you love others, you’ll find the courage to stand up for them. When you love the truth, you’ll find the courage to do anything.”I turned on the shower’s rusted faucet, braced myself, and then I stepped into the shower.  The cold water cascaded over my head and shoulders.  I shivered, but I was grateful for the water. Some of the poorer people in the City didn’t have running water at all. I wished I could just take a loofah and scrub away the memories of the day as easily as I scrubbed away the grime. When I closed my eyes to soap my hair, the faces of the three boys who had been chasing me earlier sprang to mind immediately: Matt. Luke. Chris.I shook my head vigorously under the shower, as if trying to shake away the day’s events. But it’s not so easy to shake away thoughts of the Elite. And the nightmares would probably come back as soon as I shut my eyes for the night.***“You should eat something.” My mother’s gentle green eyes examined me across the dinner table as I pushed the meager amount of rice and fish around on the blue plastic plate.She knew what had happened earlier in the day, as I’m sure Dani had told her about it. But she didn’t ask me any questions. She’s good that way. She never airbrushed over events or gave me false hope by saying that things will be better tomorrow. She knew better.Things weren’t getting better in the City. Things weren’t getting better for this family. My father was taken away six months ago by two masked men who had shown up in the middle of the night and broke the front door down using an ax. I suspected he was too vocal about his political beliefs. That night still haunts me.The men who had handcuffed him and dragged him out of the house were part of the New Government. Their president promised food, wealth, and comfort for all. And the wealthy citizens and those who worked for the president got all that and more. The rest of us suffered. We scrounged to survive in a dilapidated part of what used to be Minneapolis, Minnesota.We stood in long lines at the grocery store and fought over the rotting vegetables that the president’s Elite didn’t take. We walked everywhere; no one had cars because there wasn’t any way to fuel them. We rationed coal, wood, and other flammables to burn in the winter, because we weren’t allowed to cut down trees for fuel. We scoured the old buildings looking for anything useable, but they’d been long since picked over after the Big War. And the only people who lived in the rebuilt part of the City were the Elite.I glanced sideways at Dani. She gathered up her stick-straight, chocolate-colored hair and twirled it into a knot. She flashed me a brave smile with a hint of optimism. She certainly didn’t believe any of the president’s lies, but somehow she still believed that the chasm between the Elite and the Miasma—the Elite’s name for the underprivileged group we belonged to—would somehow heal itself.I was a realist, yet I appreciated that Dani still enjoyed life. That’s why I rarely countered her youthful optimism and enthusiasm. Rather, I just protected her from reality as best I could.“Rory broke Matt’s nose today,” Dani said with a wide, proud smile.“Aurora O’Shannon!” Concern flooded my mother’s eyes. She clutched the collar of her sage housedress.  Her other hand smoothed a stray lock of her auburn hair.  “That’s going to make things more difficult for you in the City.”“No, Mom,” I corrected her. “Things would have been difficult for both me and Dani today if I hadn’t done anything.” I put a half spoonful of the stale rice and peas in my mouth. “Besides, at least now they’ve set their sights on me. They’ll probably ignore Dani for a while.”I looked over at Dani again just as the proud smile slowly faded from her face. Reality slipped through. Suddenly she realized that today wasn’t the end of our troubles—it was just the beginning. I shot her a reassuring smile back. At least she would be safe … for awhile.Chapter 2I pulled the hood up on my thin jacket and shoved my hands a little deeper into the pockets to try to ward off the pre-dawn chill. Dani and I often went to school before first light, because it was the only way to avoid running into the president’s Elite. We didn’t go to the same school as them, but our paths sometimes crossed, especially if the Elite were bored and looking for trouble.If I had my way, I wouldn’t have bothered going to school at all. But truancy was an offense punishable by a stint in the local juvenile detention facilities. At least that’s how the New Government referred to those places. In reality, they were prisons. I’d seen kids get taken away from home and never come back. I couldn’t let that happen to me, because Dani and my mother needed me.“Rory,” Dani whispered from a few steps behind me on the sidewalk. “Look.”I spun around to find out what had caught her attention. She pointed up, just beyond the sidewalk. I squinted, willing my eyes to see out into the near darkness. Then I realized she was pointing at a white school uniform top hanging from a nearby tree branch.“Is that a shirt?” Dani gasped and stepped back. She knew as well as I did that a shirt hanging from a tree branch wasn’t a practical joke. If anything, it was a warning—a sign that something very bad had already happened.I stepped off the sidewalk into the dry, crunchy grass to take a closer look. I paused to hold a hand up back toward Dani, my silent way of telling her to stay on the sidewalk.It was a girl’s shirt. Small. It probably belonged to someone even younger than Dani. There was something dark and wet smeared across the front. In this light, the smear looked red. I reached up and lifted the sleeve to see if I could tell if the smear was blood. That’s when I noticed that the red smear wasn’t just a smear. It spelled out my name: Aurora.“Yeah, it’s a shirt,” I called back to Dani. No way was I going to let her know what it said. Instead, I yanked it down hard to free it from the tree branch. Then I crumpled it into a tight ball and shoved it into my green canvas backpack.“Let’s get to school,” I said as I got back on the cracked sidewalk and walked toward the school yard.***“Simon, look what we found on the way to school.” I glanced over my shoulder to make sure no one was lurking in the locker-lined hallway. Then I took the shirt out of my bag and put it in Simon’s outstretched hand.Simon straightened the shirt, held it at eye level, and turned it over a couple times. He paused when he read the inscription “Aurora” on the front. Underneath the buzzing fluorescent lights, it was pretty clear that the red smear was blood.“They’re trying to scare you,” Simon said thoughtfully. He nodded, causing his wavy red hair to fall over his round, silver-framed glasses.“Chris, Luke, and Matt, I bet. And if they’re trying to scare me, it’s working.” I gently bit my bottom lip and nodded back.“You’re not safe here.” Simon looked intently at me, his eyes narrowing. “They’re not going to just forget about you breaking Matt’s nose. You need to get out of here.”He was right. A few years ago, none of this would have happened. But ever since the New Government was put into place, the Elite tormented us—the members of the Miasma—relentlessly. We were the targets upon which they practiced and honed their sadism. Sometimes our classmates disappeared and never came back. We could only guess what happened to them, though no one wanted to talk about it very much.“Dani’s not safe either. If I leave, they target her. If I hide, they’ll try to flush me out by doing some awful to her. And my mother …” I trailed off, leaving my fear hanging in the air between us.Simon pushed his glasses up with his index finger. He looked directly into my eyes, but it felt like he looked right through me. “Could you all go? Could you all escape the City?”I shook my head and tossed my reddish-blonde braid over my shoulder. “My father wouldn’t know where we were if they ever let him go. Or if he escaped.” I didn’t mention the fact that there was a good chance my father was already dead. No one ever mentioned that possibility, but it was always in the back of my mind. I’m sure I’m not the only one who thought about it, even though I tried to hold hope that he might still be alive.“Could you leave some sort of message in the house?” Simon asked.“I doubt the house would even stay standing if we were gone. They’d probably torch it, just like they did to the Watkins house.”Simon cupped his stubbled chin in his hand and shook his head slowly from side to side. I suspected he remembered what happened last month when the Watkins escaped the City. Not even twelve hours after they left, their house was burned to the ground. If the Watkins ever did come back, there would be nothing left to come back to.They’d probably have to go live with the Underground. These were the poorest outcast members of the Miasma who lived in underground tunnels and caves inside and around the City. Often, these were people who’d spoken out against the New Government and were stripped of everything except their lives. Maybe the Watkins already lived amongst the Underground.The silence between us felt thick. We both knew I couldn’t stay and I couldn’t leave. I felt trapped. Simon looked at me with his brow slightly furrowed. He’d done so much over the years to keep me and Dani safe, and now it seemed like there was no safe option.“Maybe if you escaped with your mother and Dani, I could stay at your house to protect it. And then someone will be there if your father comes back.” He smiled slightly. I wondered if he believed my father was dead.“No way, Simon.” I shook my head vigorously and raised my chin. “If you stay there, they’ll target you. That’s also why you can’t help us. We really shouldn’t even be talking. The Elite are going to make your life hard if we leave.”Simon drew in a long breath, closed his eyes for a few seconds, and then opened them to look directly at me. “Rory, there’s something I’ve been hiding from you. Something I need to tell you. You’re different than the others. There’s a reason why you need to listen to me, why you need to leave before those Elite bastards get to you—““Now we’re bastards, huh?” A deep voice rumbled behind me.I jumped and bristled at the sound of Matt’s taunting voice. The Elite. What were they doing here at a Miasma school?Simon’s eyes grew wide and he slammed his mouth shut. I looked over his shoulder to see Matt stepping out from around the corner of the hallway. Chris and Luke were two steps behind him.Matt’s nose looked bruised, swollen, and misshapen. I had no doubt that he was in great pain. And based on the wild look in his eyes, I believed he intended to inflict pain right back.I brought my attention back to Simon. He looked panicked. Scared. Then he started mouthing the words, “Go … Run …” over and over.I hesitated. If I stayed, there was a chance to defeat this group. But there was also a chance that they would capture me and make Simon watch whatever torture they had in mind before turning on Simon, too. If I ran, I knew Simon didn’t have a chance of surviving. He wasn’t a runner like me. And he wasn’t a fighter like Chris, Luke, and Matt.In the time it took me to turn all of this over in my mind, Matt swiftly covered the twenty-foot distance and planted himself behind Simon. Simon reached out to give me a little shove. I heard a sickening sound, like a sharp knife going through a watermelon. Matt laughed.Simon’s eyes grew even larger and his words seemed to get caught in his throat. His outstretched arms clawed at me, grasping for me. I reached out to him as started crumpling.  As he fell forward into my arms, I saw the knife sticking out of his back.I held onto him so he didn’t fall facedown onto the floor. My knees felt weak. Panic clawed at my chest. There was so much blood soaking into his white shirt right at the point where the blade entered his back. I wondered if I should pull the blade out. I wondered if I should run. I wanted to grab Matt by the throat and watch the life drain from his face.Simon slumped further into me, and I couldn’t bear his weight any longer. I fell to my knees and lowered him gently to the floor. He gasped. A gurgling sound followed. His mouth moved desperately like a fish without water. His eyes pleaded with me to somehow save him, yet they were dulling as if it was already too late.Matt rested his palms on his bent knees, leaning over me and Simon. “Awww, you’re not going to cry, are you, Aurora?”I felt my cheeks grow hot. I looked up at Matt, blinking hard to clear the tears that were blurring my vision and stinging my eyes. I heard him laughing along with Luke and Chris. But he seemed far away and muffled, almost like he was underwater.“What the hell is wrong with your eyes?” Matt asked as he stared at me. He turned back to look at his friends, then faced me again and jabbed his index finger into my forehead. “Your eyes are turning green like you’re a rabid wolf or something.”My focus dropped back down to Simon just as a quiet gurgle rose up in his throat and stopped mid-sound. He stopped clutching me. I wiped the back of my hand across my eyes to clear the tears and get a better look. His face was frozen. His mouth stilled. His hazel eyes darkened and then grew expressionless, lifeless.Matt’s laughter rang in my ears, a sickening sound that grated on me like metal on metal, and I found myself unwillingly looking up at him again. His fat face was contorted and red from not getting enough air. He lacked air not because he had a long knife shoved in his back like Simon, but because he was laughing too hard.“Should we put him on the grill and have a block party tonight?” I heard a voice from behind Matt, probably Luke’s. But I didn’t really care anymore who was saying what, because I wanted them all dead.Matt’s head started bobbing up and down, his sandy-blond hair throwing off beads of slimy sweat that landed on my face. His arm came up to hold his stomach. “I wouldn’t eat a stinking Miasma. I wouldn’t even feed him to the dogs!” He gasped for air as he laughed uncontrollably. “Let’s put him through a meat grinder and tell the Underground that it’s hamburger.”I heard a noise, and it took me a moment before I realized the noise was rising up in my own throat. The sound was animalistic, like a growl. I reached over Simon’s back and pulled the knife out.I ignored the sound of flesh ripping away. I ignored the feel of the slippery wooden handle. I ignored everything except Matt’s laughing, ugly face right in front of me. And then, with a strength that wasn’t mine—something powered by adrenaline and fury—I plunged the knife into Matt’s thigh.Matt didn’t see it coming. He must have thought I was just going to stay crumpled on the floor next to Simon until they dragged me away. He didn’t know I had it in me to take my revenge mere moments after Simon drew his last breath.Matt’s screams were even louder than those I heard yesterday. But I didn’t stick around to hear what others sounds he might make. I took off running down the hallway. Around the corner. Down another long hallway. Past the startled students who’d started to pour out of their classrooms to see who was screaming at the other end of the hall. I aimed for Dani’s classroom.“Dani! Dani! Dani!” I screamed when I spotted her at the end of the long hall. “Go! Run!” Then I veered out the closest door, hoping my pursuers chased after me and not Dani.***I ran across the dry grass of the school yard. I heard my classmates’ confused voices yelling behind me in the distance. I didn’t look back. I knew Chris, Luke, and Matt would be on my heels soon, or they had already called their Elite friends to join the chase. I just hoped Dani would get home and get my mother to safety like we planned and practiced so many times before.I ran down some of the same streets as yesterday. Déjà vu. The sun was up now, so there was no darkness to hide me. This time I had to keep running. I didn’t know how many Elite would be hunting me, but I knew they were going to show up soon.Moments later, I saw the first group of the Elite at the far end of the street. Maybe about six of them, huddled together. I doubted they had heard from Matt and his gang yet, but I wasn’t going to take any chances. I took a sharp turn into the nearest alley and used it to reach another side street.The Elite were easy to spot: designer clothing, shining shoes, expensive jewelry, carefully coifed hair. They all spoke in an accent that lent an air of superiority to everything they said. It was a curious mix between British and East Coast United States, which they delivered in a slightly stuffy, nasal tone.Unfortunately, I was just as easy to spot in my black-and-white school uniform, which was something the Elite never had to wear. Even if it wasn’t a school day, my regular clothing would have given me away because it’s so old and dirty looking. Most days I wore jeans, T-shirts, and scuffed shoes with soles that were coming apart. And that’s why I started running faster. I couldn’t get caught in an Elite neighborhood.Panic clawed at my mind. The New Government Security Forces probably already knew what had happened. Soon everyone would be looking for me. I told myself to keep running, keep running. Down the main street. Turn down a side street. Through an alley. Under a fence. Over a wall. Through a building. Running as fast as my legs would go while listening to the sirens as they approached.Then a faint sound. Somewhere, a faint sound that was different from the loose soles of my shoes pounding on the pavement, different from the sirens I heard in the distance, different from human voices or anything else.Choppers.They’d sent at least one helicopter. This wasn’t about some girl from the Miasma being in the Elite District in the early morning. No, they don’t send choppers for seventeen-year-old girls. They don’t blanket the streets with Security Forces for random people. They only send choppers and full forces out for fugitives, murderers, and other dangerous people.And that could only mean one thing: the New Government knew that I stabbed Matt.***I had to get off the street. I had to stop running. If the choppers got overhead, it would be easy to spot me in my black-and-white uniform. I had to get inside a building. Even if the choppers had thermal imaging, they wouldn’t know it was me if I was inside a building.I needed to get out of the business district because most of the buildings were still locked this early in the morning. I had to find an apartment building. And I had to find it fast, because the choppers were getting louder.Then I spotted it—a three-story brick building on the edge of the Elite District. And just a fifteen-foot brick alley fence stood between me and the apartment building.I couldn’t just scale it and throw myself over. Instead, I had to waste precious seconds pushing a Dumpster up to the fence and tossing a trash can on top of it. The choppers grew louder, maybe just two or three blocks over. And then I could hear more voices. Security Forces. They were starting to create their perimeter. Even if I got inside this building, I was going to be trapped like an animal. But what other option did I have?I climbed on top of the Dumpster and then on top of the trash can, which was just high enough to allow me to jump up and catch the top of the wall with my arms. Then I used momentum to swing my leg up. It took a couple tries, but I caught the wall with my toe. I worked my leg over the wall until I was straddling it.There was nothing below the wall that would break my fall or make the jumping distance any less. I was going to have to lower myself by hanging from my arms and then just drop the rest of the way.I had just started to do this when someone walked into the alley behind me: a man wearing a black Security Forces uniform.“Hey!” he shouted. “New Government Security. Stop what you’re doing right now!”I saw him reach for his gun and start pulling it out of his holster. But I didn’t wait to see anything else. I lowered my body fast and dangled over the alley. I looked down. The ten feet between my shoes and the hard pavement looked like a long way down. I closed my eyes and let go of the wall.Searing pain. I crumpled to the sidewalk as the pain shot from my foot up through my lower leg. I cried out. The security officer was still yelling on the other side of the fence. Yelling at me, yelling into his radio. I expected to see his head pop up above the wall at any moment.I had to get up. I had to. Forget the pain. I used the brick wall for support while I pulled myself up. Any little bit of weight I put on my right leg caused another ripple of pain. I tried to keep myself quiet, but I couldn’t keep the moans and cries from escaping my throat.I hobbled, jumping on one foot, trying to put distance between me and the wall. I was trying to get around the corner of the alley before the security guard could train his gun on me. Couple more feet. Just a little more, and I’d be behind a corner that he couldn’t shoot around. Another couple hops. Almost there.I made it to the corner and pushed myself forward with such force that I fell down. Didn’t matter. I dragged myself with my elbows, pushing off with my good foot. The pavement scraped me everywhere. More pain. But I was safe. The security officer couldn’t shoot me. I just had to get up and keep moving before he got over the wall.Then I heard a footstep. I looked up from the pavement to see a black boot right in front of my face.“You must be Aurora O’Shannon,” a deep voice said.Chapter 3The slow beat of dripping water echoed off metal and concrete. The musty odor of stale water and dirt invaded my nose. Goose bumps prickled my skin as I involuntarily shivered a little against the cool dampness. I opened my eyes, but I couldn’t see anything.I laid on my back on a hard surface, probably the floor. My head throbbed. My ankle throbbed. I didn’t know where I was. I couldn’t remember how I got here. The last thing I remember is looking at the muddy black boot and hearing the deep gravelly voice of someone saying my name.I tried to focus on something else to take my mind off my throbbing head and ankle. I listened to the dripping water. I strained to hear something else besides the water. I squinted in the dark in hopes of catching some faint speck of light.I felt the floor around my body. It seemed to be made of hard-packed dirt. I slowly moved my legs and arms as if I was making a snow angel. I didn’t feel anything on the floor around me. I rolled over onto my stomach, sweeping my arm across the dirt to make sure there was nothing in my path. Then I got up on my hands and knees and started crawling slowly, keeping my hand sweeping in front of me.After crawling about four feet, I found a brick wall. I ran my hand along it in all directions to feel for a door or anything else. All I felt was some sort of slime growing on the wall. I stood up, shifted my weight to my good foot, and stretched my five foot, two inch frame as high as I could. Nothing. The echoing of the water drops made it sound like the ceiling was high.I started inching my way along the wall, sweeping my arms in front of me to look for obstacles or exits. Soon enough I came to the corner of the room, so I started doing the same thing along the next wall. After I went completely around the room twice, I estimated that the room was about fifteen feet wide by twenty feet long.On the far wall, I did find a door. I recognized it by tracing my fingers along the frame. But there weren’t any handles. There was no way to get out of this cell from the inside.After discovering the perimeters of my cell, I started limping slowly back and forth across it to see if there was anything on the floor. My shoe clanged against metal. A metal pot. Perhaps it was for elimination. Maybe it was for eating. I couldn’t tell which, and I really didn’t want to know. But other than that, I didn’t find anything else in the cell.I realized there was no escaping this room. I leaned against the wall opposite the door, bent my legs, and let myself slide to the floor. Now that my exploration was over, I noticed my head and ankle were throbbing again.I took off my shoe and start massaging my ankle. It felt swollen, tender, and hot to the touch. The massage made it feel better. The aching began to subside. The skin over my ankle began to feel cooler. I wondered if I was hallucinating or if the heat really was leaving my swollen ankle.Minutes passed. Maybe hours. It was hard to tell when there was no light, no activity, nothing to signal the passage of time. I slept. I counted the water drips. I traced the “S” on my medallion with my finger and thought about my mother telling me that courage comes from love. I wondered about my mother and whether Dani had gotten the two of them to safety. I wondered what Simon was going to tell me before he died, when he said I was different than the others. And I wondered where I was and what was going to happen to me here.I didn’t feel courageous at all. I felt very, very scared.***The room flooded with light, and I jolted awake. I squinted my eyes, willing them to adjust faster in the blinding light. From what I could tell, the light was about ten feet above the door.Then I heard the voices. One was the gravelly voice, belonging to the same person who had found me on the street. They were right outside the door, speaking a language I couldn’t quite understand. The sound of metal-on-metal grinding together came from the cell door, probably due to them opening a very large deadbolt or taking a metal bar off the door.I was still squinting when they walked in, but I could see there were two males. The man with the gravelly voice was tall, with dark hair and full bushy beard and mustache. The man next to him had red hair and a mustache. Both were wearing black New Government military uniforms with shiny red stripes and buttons.“Get up,” the man with red hair demanded. He took a few menacing steps toward me.“Who are you?” My voice cracked a little, partly from fear, but also because my throat was dry from dehydration.“Get UP!” Red took a few swift steps toward me, grabbed my elbow, and tried to yank me to my feet. I cried out as his fingers pressed deeply into my skin.“Okay,” I conceded as I stood up, being careful to shift my weight to my good foot.“Let’s go,” my gravelly-voiced captor said. He led the way, with Red right beside me, never letting go of my elbow.The lights were dimmer in the hallway, so I could see without squinting and without eye pain. I glanced over my shoulder and saw what seemed like an endless brown brick hallway. Up ahead, the same thing. Occasionally we passed a hallway to the side, and sometimes we turned and went down those hallways. Red really didn’t have to cling to my elbow so tightly. Running would be futile—I had no idea where I was and no idea where to go.After a few minutes we reached another room, where Red opened the door and gave me a push inside. There was a square metal table in the middle of the room and a few white plastic chairs surrounding it. A tablet-like computer sat on the table. I could see a small red light in the corner, which I assumed was to signal that we were being recorded.Red gave me another push toward one of the chairs and commanded me to sit. Then he and Gravel Voice took the other two chairs opposite me. Gravel Voice turned on the tablet and started touching his fingers to the screen. He held it at an angle that didn’t allow me to see what was on the screen.“Aurora O’Shannon.” He looked up at me. “How fitting.”  No doubt he was looking at my reddish-blonde hair. He continued, “Seventeen years old. Sister Dani. Mother Sarah. Father Edward. Miasma through and through.”I remained silent as he ran through my history. It seemed like everything about my life was on that tiny computer. Things I didn’t even know the New Government tracked, things I didn’t know they even cared about, things I didn’t even know they had access to, like which boys I liked in school.My skin started to crawl. Gravel Voice’s computer knew how snakes and thunderstorms scared me. It knew I was afraid of heights. It even knew that I was allergic to shellfish. It knew I was a good student in school. It knew about nearly every injury—both physical and emotional—that I had suffered over the years. The New Government knew more about me than my closest friends.It occurred to me that they had spies on the inside of the Miasma, and I immediately started thinking about my friends and who might have been helping the Elite and the New Government. Suddenly I felt paranoid. And then I felt very scared—if they knew all this, then they must know where Dani and my mother were right now. They weren’t safe. They weren’t safe.Still, I remained silent. This flow of information both intimidated me and rendered me speechless. I tried to focus on keeping my face neutral, to not show weakness, to not let them see that their ploy to scare me was most definitely working.  I briefly touched the gold medallion hidden under my shirt and reminded myself, courage comes from love.I started thinking about my throbbing head. I thought about my swollen ankle. I even started counting backward from one thousand in multiples of thirteen—anything to tune out what they were saying, to quell the fear, to keep my face neutral.Suddenly Red slammed his open palm onto the metal table. I jumped. “Answer it,” he commanded. I had no idea what he was talking about.Gravel Voice leaned his upper body toward me and narrowed his gray eyes. “What do you know of the Underground?”I didn’t know anything about the Underground. Or at least I didn’t know anything that could harm me. So I decided my best strategy was to level with these soldiers, to tell them the truth, and pray that they knew I was telling them the truth.“I know the Underground are part of the Miasma,” I started. My voice caught on the word Miasma. We—the people who were actually part of the Miasma—never referred to ourselves out loud that way. To do so was disgusting. We simply didn’t put a label on ourselves at all. If anything, we just said we weren’t part of the New Government or that we weren’t part of the Elite.However, when we talked to any New Government soldiers or officials, or any members of the Elite, we were required to identify ourselves as part of the Miasma. It was just another way that the Elite enjoyed shaming and humiliating us.“And what else do you know about the Underground?” Gravel Voice looked up again from his tablet.“I know the Underground are poor. Usually without any kind of jobs. And they live underneath the city … in the tunnels.” I felt my brow furrow as I struggled to remember any other facts about the Underground.“What do you know of the Underground Revolution?” Red narrowed his eyes and stared intently at me.“I don’t know anything about a revolution,” I said as I shook my head.That was true: I didn’t know anything about it. This was the first time I’d heard of such a thing. Sometimes I’d hear members of the Miasma talk about a revolution, but nothing ever came of it. We were outnumbered. We were weakened by our lack of food. And we weren’t even allowed to have weapons, especially not guns, because weapon possession was punishable by death if caught with one.“Who do you know from the Underground?” Red’s searing gaze felt like it bored right through me. I shifted in my seat.“No one … that I know of.” I thought about it for a few seconds.“Lies.” Gravel Voice said, his voice threateningly quiet.I shook my head. “Everyone I know is part of the Miasma. If anyone was from the Underground, they sure didn’t tell me.” I didn’t like the way Red and Gravel Voice both stared at me, as if they had a wounded animal chased into a corner.“You stabbed Matthew,” Red said. It was just a statement, one that he was almost challenging me to refute. But of course it was true. And of course they knew it was true. I couldn’t see any reason to lie about it.“Yes,” I said quietly.“Why?” Grave voice asked. He laid the tablet down on the table to give me his full attention.“Because Matthew killed my best friend, Simon.” I felt a catch in my throat, and the tears stung my eyes almost instantly. I blinked them back and looked down, trying to hide my weakness.“So you’re involved in the Underground Revolution,” Red said.“No, I know nothing of the Underground Revolution. I don’t even know any people from the Underground,” I said. I tugged at my shirt collar. It seemed like it was getting hard to breathe.“On the contrary, Aurora O’Shannon,” Gravel voice said as he smiled, looking as if he was just about to win a game of chess. “You knew the leader of the Revolution.”Again I shook my head. “No, I don’t know anyone from the Underground, and I don’t know anything about the Revolution.”“Oh. So you’re going to feign ignorance and pretend that you didn’t know Simon was the leader of the Underground Revolution?” Gravel Voice smiled again, as if it was going to be impossible for me to refute this.I felt my jaw slacken and my head pulled back. “What?” My voice sounded small, weak.Gravel Voice leaned forward. “Simon Price. Your best friend. He was leading the Revolution.”“No, that can’t be. He couldn’t be from the Underground. I went to his house many times.” I searched my memory, trying to find some clue that would give me an idea about whether any of this was possible or if these officials were just screwing with me.My heart hammered in my chest. Now these were serious allegations because it was against the law for anyone from the Miasma to talk to anyone from the Underground. If what they were saying was true, then it was against the law for me to talk to Simon.“But did you ever meet Simon’s mother?” Red asked.I shook my head.“Or his father?”“No,” I answered as I rubbed the back of my neck with one hand.“Any siblings?” Red pressed.“No, he was an only child.”“And you didn’t think it was odd that in the …” Red paused and looked over at Gravel Voice’s computer, “in the twenty-five months that you’d known Simon, don’t you think it was odd that you’d never met any of his family members?”It was odd. I had to admit, it was odd. But I had never thought about it until now. And yet just because I had never met his parents in two years didn’t mean that Simon was part of the Underground. For as much as the New Government knew about people, it seemed to me that they would have done something about it a long time ago.“His parents worked late.” I simply repeated what Simon had told me.“We think you figured out Simon was from the Underground,” Red said. “And we think you were helping him with supplies.”“I didn’t know.” My voice rose. I was starting to feel a little angry about these accusations. “In fact I don’t even think that’s true. You’re just trying to trick me.”“Why did you stab Matthew?” Red asked.“You know why!” I answered through my clenched jaw.“You stabbed Matthew at Simon’s behest,” Red calmly asserted.“At Simon’s BEHEST? Simon was dying, you fool! And I knew I was next. I was just trying to protect myself!” I was shaking now. Mad.“You were trying to protect the Underground, because Matthew, Christopher, and Lucas overheard you and Simon talking about the Revolution.” Red leaned back and threw one elbow over the back of his chair.I tried to remember the entire conversation with Simon. We had talked about me leaving with my mother and Dani. We talked about how to protect my family. But we certainly hadn’t talked about any revolution. Although Simon was going to tell me something right before the boys showed up. He said I was different. I didn’t know what that meant when he said, and I didn’t understand it now. I just shook my head at Red.Red stretched out his other arm in front of him and drummed his fingers on the metal tabletop. “You were planning Phase 1 of the Revolution—to bring your family to safety before the warring begins.”“No, no.” I felt frustrated, like Red was twisting my words and trying to pin something on me that wasn’t true. And yet he seemed to know a lot about the conversation, no doubt because the boys had told him about it.“So you weren’t talking about leaving the City with your family?”“Well, yes.” I bit my lip. I hated admitting this, because any talk of leaving the City was forbidden. “But that didn’t have anything to do with a revolution. I thought about leaving to protect my family because they weren’t safe from those boys. We weren’t safe.”“The Miasma are safe in this city,” Gravel Voice said. “The only Miasma who aren’t safe are those would do harm to the Elite or the New Government.”I felt trapped. I wiped the back of my hand against my sweating forehead. If I said I felt safe, they knew I’d be lying. But if I said I felt unsafe, then I would be confessing one of the greatest sins of this city: wishing harm to the Elite or the New Government.And it’s true. I hated the New Government. I hated the Elite. And I wanted Chris, Matt, and Luke dead.“You can go to hell,” I said.Chapter 4I had been sitting in my cell in the dark for maybe about eight or nine days before they turned the light on again. Of course, that time frame was just a guess. It was hard to tell how many days had passed when I sat in the dark all the time. And to me it seemed that they fed me so irregularly that I couldn’t even count meals as a means of counting days.The only thing I could count on were the constant water drips hitting brick and echoing in my cell—drip … drip … drip. Sometimes I’d talk to myself just to introduce another sound into the cell. And sometimes I would imagine myself lying in long grass, the breeze gently whispering through the trees and the afternoon sun warming my skin. It was one of the few things I could do to keep myself sane in the cold, damp darkness.But as much as I hated the dark, this bright light shining over my cell door wasn’t all that welcoming either. I put my head down and shaded my brow with my hand, trying to give my eyes a little extra time to adjust to the light.On the same day they put the light on, some military guard I had never seen before came in, tossed a bundle at my feet and said, “Put these on.” Then he slammed the cell door shut behind him.The bundle included an olive-green shirt, pants, socks, and boots. Not just regular boots—work boots.I hesitated for a moment before putting the clothes on. I looked around to see if there were any telltale red lights indicating that I was being recorded. And then I just shook my head. Of all the problems plaguing me, of all the worries that were hounding me, worrying about whether people watched me get dressed was just ridiculous.The clothes didn’t fit, of course. I hadn’t expected them to. Even my own clothes hardly fit, because we of the Miasma usually had to make do with secondhand clothes. At least my mother was able to make modifications to make them fit better. But these work clothes hung entirely too loosely on me.I was just tying up my boots when the door opened and the guard came back in. He pointed at the open cell door and said, “Let’s go.”I stepped out to find another guard standing in the hallway. He led the way, in the opposite direction of the interrogation room. This didn’t surprise me at all. Clearly, my captors had no reason to put work clothes on me just to interrogate me again. I had no misconceptions about where we were going.Again we walked a maze of hallways. Left, right, up some stairs, through another set of long hallways. Once we got up to the upper level, things changed a bit. We were no longer in damp and dimly lit hallways with dirt or concrete floors. Now we were walking down brighter hallways. Real hallways with white walls and white tiles on the floor. They looked sterile, but at least they weren’t dark and dripping with water.Finally we came out into some sort of parking garage. New Government olive-green trucks lined up as far as I could see. One large cargo truck with a canvas top was idling nearby. The smell of diesel filled the air. The guards walked me to the back of the truck and pulled back the canvas opening. That’s when I was greeted with the dirty faces of a couple dozen children. There were a few teenagers who looked to be about my age. But the rest of them couldn’t have been more than twelve or thirteen years old.***The truck rumbled along what must have been a rutted dirt road. I couldn’t see out, as the guards had shut the canopy. And I really couldn’t see anything inside either, as the small slit in the canopy’s opening offered very little light. The only thing I could see for sure was the guard who was riding in the back with us, as the orange glow of his cigarette burned a little brighter every time he took a drag off of it.I didn’t recognize any of the faces in the truck with me, but that wasn’t entirely surprising. I had no doubt they were from the Miasma. Maybe some of them were even from the Underground. The only thing I couldn’t figure out was why these young children were in this truck with me. What crimes could they possibly have committed?It was hard to tell how long we had been driving, but after maybe forty-five minutes or so, the truck stopped. When the engine shut off, I could hear voices. Distant yelling. A sharp cry.The guard in our truck threw back the canopy and jumped out. One by one, we all followed him. I jumped out, then paused and looked around to see a big field that stretched out for what looked like miles. In every direction, I could see armed guards—some on foot, some on horses. And scattered across the field were hundreds of children who seemed to be digging.They didn’t look like they were planting crops. Rather, it looked like the children were just digging. They were scattered all over this field, working in small groups, digging what appeared to just be big holes. Were they looking for something? Were they digging the foundation for buildings? Or was this just a pointless way to keep these children occupied?A rough hand pushed into my back with enough force that I had to take a few steps forward to maintain my balance. Enough looking around. The guards wanted me to move. They gave me a shovel and then led me along with a group of six children to an unoccupied part of the field, where they told us to dig as directed by our supervisors.Our supervisor sat up high on a large, white Arabian horse. Like all the other guards who were on horses, he had a rifle lying across his saddle and a sidearm attached to his belt. That seemed like overkill, considering that we were in the middle of such a large, open space. Where would someone go if they took off running? By my estimation, the nearest forest was at least one mile away. The horsemen could easily catch any runners before they reached the forest—no need to shoot them.***For what seemed like the millionth time, I put the shovel in the earth, plunged it down a little further by stepping on it, and then threw the shovelful of earth off to the side. The work was hard because the soil was claylike and heavy, making each shovelful heavy. Occasionally the shovel clanged when it hit a rock. Some of the rocks were large and difficult to remove. Some were almost too heavy for me to lift, but no one ever offered any help.There must have been some sort of unspoken rule about the prisoners talking to each other. I didn’t see anyone talking, ever, in any of the groups. Not even during short breaks. I imagined the guards punished those who were caught talking.I wondered what had happened to these kids and how they might have been punished. I just knew somehow they had been punished—you could see it in their faces. There was fear in their eyes. More fear than just from being taken away from their parents. The fear was even deeper than that. And their slumped postures told me that these kids weren’t very hopeful about the situation. Not that I could blame them.I ran my hand along my brow to wipe away the sweat. My too-big shirt now clung to my back, my sweat holding tightly to the fabric. It was good the shirt was too big, though, because I was able to bring the long sleeves down over the handle of my shovel to use like gloves. Still, the blisters and raw skin stung.Sometimes I paused, but the guards didn’t allow more than fifteen or so seconds of rest before they walked or rode over to see why I wasn’t working. My group could only rest when our supervisor blew a whistle. Immediately, we dropped our shovels, collapsed to the ground, and eagerly drank from our canteens.It was during one of these rest periods that I looked up to see a boy around my age, maybe a couple years older, eyeing me. He looked worn and haggard, dirty, and I suspected he had been working in these labor fields for months. His thick, dark hair—probably shoulder-length—was tied back with a dirty beige rag. He had unkempt facial hair, which also made me think he’d been here awhile. The sleeves of his olive-green work shirt were rolled up to expose his muscled arms.When my eyes met his, his eyebrows raised slightly and he widened his dark eyes—like a subtle acknowledgment that, yes, he was looking at me for a reason. I deliberately widened my eyes slightly back at him, a greeting in return. Then I looked down, not wanting the guards to see this display.The whistle blew again, and it was time to get to work. When the supervisor wasn’t looking, I snuck a glance at this dark-haired boy with the olive complexion. He wasn’t that far from me. A young girl with blonde hair stood between us.The boy looked at me, then he looked at the young girl, and then he eyed me again. He nodded. I understood. He wanted to switch places with the girl so that he could work next to me. I bit my lip, unsure of his idea.I looked over at the guard and considered whether this man would even notice if two people switched places. Would it matter to him? Would he care?Just then I heard a loud clang from the girl’s shovel. She started working her way around the rock—clang, clang, clang. Obviously a big one. And the boy who’d been eyeing me took his chance.He walked over to the girl and pushed her toward his hole. Then he stepped into her hole and continued on with the finding the perimeters of the large rock.The mounted guard observed this and leaned forward in his saddle. As he did so, he shifted a toothpick from one side of his mouth to the other. It almost seemed like he was considering whether to say something. But apparently it was pretty clear to him that the petite girl was never going to get that rock out, so he remained motionless yet watching.The boy worked just five feet from me now. He snuck sideways glances at me, but mostly he worked very intensely on removing the rock. And no wonder—the guard had moved his horse to right behind us, perhaps so that he could get a better view of the hole. Pretty soon another foot guard joined him, and both were urging the boy to work faster.When the boy cleared enough of the dirt away to reveal part of the rock, the supervisor and the guard moved away. They must have been hoping the boy was digging up something other than a rock. Which made me wonder—what was the New Government looking for in this field?***              “Ration your water,” the boy whispered to me quickly. He carefully timed each word to the sounds made by the other workers. “You only get the one canteen per day. And it’s a long day.”I felt my mouth drop open slightly. We’d only been out here for a few hours, but I had been freely drinking my water the whole time. I had no idea that I had to ration it.“Thanks,” I whispered back. I shot a look at his tall, rugged frame. Even though he looked worn down and probably a little thinner than he should, the boy was handsome.“Diego,” he said. “I’m Diego.”“Rory.”“I know. Simon told me about you.” Diego looked sideways at me as if waiting to see my reaction.My heart skipped a beat and I felt my eyes widen. I looked back down at my shovel to make sure I wasn’t giving anything away to the guard. “How?” I asked without looking back at Diego.“We lived together. I even saw you come to the house once.”My mind was racing. Simon told me that he didn’t have any siblings. And he never mentioned anyone else except his parents. Were Gravel Voice and Red telling me the truth? Was Simon part of the Underground?I didn’t really feel like I was risking anything by asking for the truth. I plunged my shovel into the ground a few times. I drew in a breath. “Are you with the Underground?”I heard a clop clop sound behind me and without looking I knew the mounted guard stood right behind me. My heart fluttered in my chest. Had he heard what I said? I already guessed that you didn’t want to get caught talking to others out here in the fields. But I figured that talking about the Underground would be considered a far more serious offense.The horse snuffled, then forcefully pushed a puff of air through his lips not far from the back of my head. The hair on the back of my neck tingled. I kept digging. I kept my head down. I pushed my fear back and instead focused on how much my blistered hands hurt.Minutes ticked by. Finally the supervising guard moved from behind me. I looked over at Diego. He locked his eyes with mine and answered my question about the Underground by nodding his head slightly.The field started spinning a little. I felt lightheaded. Simon wasn’t the seventeen-year-old boy I thought he was. I always saw him as shy and a little fragile. But if he really was a part of the Underground, then he shouldn’t have been pretending to be part of the Miasma. Anyone else wouldn’t have risked it, because they would be likely to get killed. The only reason someone would do it is if they had a good reason to risk it: like a revolution.“Is there a Revolution?” I asked. I had to know. I had to find out.“Yes.” Diego looked down and nodded.My brow furrowed. Suddenly I felt mad at Simon. He took a big risk posing as part of the Miasma, and I suspect now that that’s what got him killed. But he also put me at risk just by talking to me. I couldn’t understand why he’d been so selfish. I thought he cared for me.I felt myself starting to shake. The more I thought about it, the madder I was getting. In a way, Simon was responsible for me being out here, because if I had never met him, I doubted I would be digging holes in the middle of nowhere. And now I felt like Diego was doing the same thing: he put me at risk just by talking to me.I threw myself into the work in front of me. When I saw another small child struggling with a large rock, I quickly traded places with her to put some distance between me and Diego. When I looked at him, just once, he was biting his lip. His eyes looked moist, his brow knitted. Confusion played over his face.I just shook my head forcefully back at him. I didn’t want to get killed just for talking to him. I didn’t even know him. And now I realized I didn’t know Simon either.Still, the question plagued my mind: what was Simon going to tell me before he died? Did Diego know Simon’s secret?Chapter 5The bright, blinking light in my cell woke me up. After a few minutes of rapid blinking, the light went completely out. Then I could start to make out a faint, odd sound. Water. Not the drip, drip that was ever present, but something else.I held my breath so I could hear more clearly. There was a trickling sound coming from the far wall. And there was another, quieter sound moving in closer to me.Then suddenly I felt it—water was pooling by my feet. I sat up and reached forward in the dark. Yes, there was a pool of water, and it was gradually getting larger as it inched its way along like a slowly moving river.I crawled on my hands and knees through the shallow water toward the trickling sound to see if I could find the source. I got to the wall and patted its cool sides in the dark. Cold water splashed over my hand as I discovered light stream cascading down the wall. I reached as high as I could, but I couldn’t find the source. I suspected it started at the high ceiling.Water sloshed around my feet as I walked back across the cell. The water was now only a couple feet from reaching the opposite wall. If the stream didn’t stop pretty soon, everything in this room was going to be wet and muddy.I shivered. I didn’t feel any colder than usual, at least not yet, but just the thought of trying to sleep in this muddy water created shivers. I put my back against the wall and crouched down, then leaned back and supported myself on my heels. I touched my hand down by my foot. Water. It had stretched across the entire cell.The bright light suddenly came back on, and I draped by arm over my brow to block the painful invasion. After a few minutes, I heard the trickle of water stop. I removed my arm and squinted, willing my eyes to adjust faster. When I finally could see, I noticed that my entire cell was under about a half inch or so of water.I expected the water to soak fairly quickly into the dirt floor. And I expected the floor—which was also my bed—would be muddy, cool, and clammy for a while. It’s not as if I could complain about the conditions, because it was pretty clear my captors pumped the water in on purpose. Just more mind games.***I leaned my head back against the brick wall of my cell, trying to remember how long it had been since the water flooded my cell. I think it was about five days. The dirt floor was still moist. I wondered if the cell floor would ever be completely dry again.I got up and started pacing back and forth in my work boots. Usually the guards were here by now to pick me up for the fields, but no one had come. They served me a meager bowl of rice, which I downed quickly. I had to, because typically the guards came back within five minutes after serving breakfast. But today, nothing.The only good thing about working in the fields is that it allowed me to count the days better. I’d been in the fields for seven straight days, so I knew another week had passed, though it felt like so much longer. I was already tired. I couldn’t bear to think about how much longer I’d be in this prison, laboring in that field.Diego worked in my group often, but I did my best to avoid him. He seemed apologetic. He also wanted to tell me something, but I wouldn’t listen, not if it meant risking my life. In those few times when he did manage to get close enough to talk to me, I’d bang my shovel around to make more noise so that I couldn’t hear him. And then I’d move away from him at the first chance I got.I sat back down. If I had to guess, I’d say it had been an hour since breakfast. I didn’t even hear anything going on in the hallway, so I didn’t know if the guards were out there. This wasn’t normal.I had no sooner finished that thought when I heard a trickling sound directly above me. Drips landed in the moist dirt around me, and I felt a few land on the top of my head and on my arms. I got up and turned around to look at the source. There was something odd about it. I struggled to get my eyes to adjust a bit better in the brightness. It wasn’t water.I looked at my arms for confirmation. No, it wasn’t water dripping from the ceiling this time. It was blood.***Morning came. Or at least I assumed it was morning when the guard put a bowl of food next to the door. Now that I was working in the fields, I was usually fed twice a day. I wasn’t given large portions by any stretch of the imagination—just enough to keep my strength up.I got up stiffly and stretched. I hadn’t slept. I spent much of yesterday staring at the ceiling, disturbed by the blood dripping down. For most of the night I laid awake with my eyes open wide, thinking about the blood.A part of me wondered if it really was blood or if it was just another way to intimidate me. And if it was blood, maybe it wasn’t even human. But then a small part of me wondered if it was from one of the children in the fields. Or maybe it was Diego.The water had seeped down into the floor again overnight, leaving a muddy mess. My footsteps made a sloppy sound as I walked through the cell. At least these boots—though old, worn, and too big—kept my feet dry and warm.As usual, the food mainly consisted of rice. The rice never looked or tasted that good, but when you’re hungry enough you’ll eat anything. There were little bits and pieces of other food mixed into the rice, like potatoes and corn or fat or eggs. At other times the rice was more of a porridge, since there was a bit of milk in the bowl.None of this was to make the food taste any better. Rather, I suspected they fed me these scraps so I’d have just enough energy to spend the day digging holes in the fields. And make no mistake—these were scraps. Most everything in this bowl looked like discarded food that others didn’t want to eat: the rotten parts of vegetables, the leftovers from someone’s plate, the bits of fat or milk that had gone bad. The New Government officials probably felt very good about themselves for not wasting anything.I downed the bowl quickly, using my hands since they never gave me any utensils. I ate it quickly just to get it over with. I couldn’t linger over this food, as any thoughts as to where it came from turned my stomach. But I also ate quickly because I expected the guards to return in five minutes to take me to the fields.I finished the food and crouched down to retie my boots. I paced around for a few minutes, working the kinks out of my muscles. And still no guards. This surprised me, as I assumed we’d go to the fields today, since I didn’t work yesterday.Finally the cell door swung open. Except this time it wasn’t my usual field guard. It was one of my captors, Red. He motioned for me to come with him.***I shifted in my seat at the familiar metal interrogation table. Red and Gravel Voice sat opposite me. Gravel Voice scrolled through his tablet computer. Red leaned back in his chair, crossed his arms, and stared at me.Now the events of the last week were becoming clear. The laboring in the fields, the light torture, the water, the blood … all these things were designed to break my will, to exhaust me so that I’d be willing to talk. But the thing is, I had been more than cooperative with Red and Gravel Voice before. It’s not as if I was hiding anything. It’s more like they were trying to twist my words.Finally Gravel Voice looked up at me from his tablet. “Who is Simon Price?”They knew the answer. These jackasses knew more about Simon than I did. But I complied and answered. “He was my friend. He went to the same school as me.”“And?” Gravel Voice tapped the metal tabletop with some sort of electronic pen.I could see what was happening. We were going to end up back where we were last time, perhaps running in circles and talking past each other. They would tell me more details than I knew about Simon, yet they’d remain convinced I held back some sort of top-secret information about the Revolution.I didn’t really want to talk about Simon because I was still reeling from what Diego had told me in the fields. I couldn’t quite wrap my mind around the idea that Simon might be from the Underground and that he may have risked my life by involving me in this.I also hoped the conversation didn’t turn to Diego. I hoped that the guards hadn’t noticed when Diego took an interest in me. If they had, then I could be sitting in a very dangerous situation right now. Perhaps I could stay safe by talking about Simon, spilling everything I knew in hopes that these guards would appreciate my cooperation.I set my jaw and pulled in a slow breath. Then I locked eyes with Gravel Voice and started talking. “Simon lived with his parents. He got straight As in school. He was exceptionally bright. If he was a member of the Underground and a Revolution leader like you say he was, then I have no doubt that he had big plans for carrying out his mission.”“What types of plans did he have?” Red asked as his eyes brightened.These guys were stupid. Did they really believe I knew anything? “I don’t know. But Simon was very smart. So if he was the leader of a revolution—and I’m not saying he was—then his plans are already in motion.”“What plans?” Red pressed.“Simon was a big thinker.” I paused for a moment and remembered the way his eyes would always light up when he would plan something, even if it was something as simple as what we were going to do on a Saturday afternoon. “He never did anything half-assed. And he always, ALWAYS had backup plans.”I leaned back in my chair and smiled. Red and Gravel both leaned forward in their chairs as if they were chasing me in slow motion. They still seemed to think I knew something specific. I didn’t. Gravel Voice in particular looked a little concerned, like maybe he had underestimated Simon.“Who did Simon talk to at school?” Red asked.I didn’t like the direction this conversation was taking. Now I felt like I could be endangering others if I connected Simon to anyone else. “Just me,” I said, as I forced myself to keep smiling. Now that I thought about it, that wasn’t that far from the truth.“And your sister, Dani.” Red lifted his chin.Dani. Why was he bringing a child into this? She was innocent. “No. He was seventeen, she’s fourteen. They didn’t have any classes together or any opportunities to talk at school.”“Maybe not at school,” Red said. “But they had plenty of opportunity to talk at your house.”My jaw dropped, but I quickly shut my mouth as soon as I noticed it. Red was right. Dani and Simon did have plenty of time to talk. There were many times when I got home to find that Simon was there with Dani. I never thought of it as out of the ordinary. I thought Simon was waiting for me, and Dani was just being a good hostess. But suddenly I wasn’t so sure about these assumptions.Red stared intently at me. I wondered if he could see any confusion on my face, because I certainly felt confused right now. He leaned forward and said slowly, “What did they talk about?”I shook my head. “I don’t think they talked. They hardly knew each other.”“Sure they did,” Red said. “We know they knew each other and we know they talked.”I bit my bottom lip. My hands started feeling clammy again, and I felt lightheaded. I felt that if I agreed with these two, Dani would be in danger. I knew she was already in grave danger, simply because her sister stabbed one of the Elite.Yet something bothered me. I couldn’t help but wonder why Simon was at my house so often, alone with Dani. Simon certainly knew my schedule, so he wouldn’t be stopping over randomly just to see if I was home. Were Red and Gravel Voice right about him … and Dani?Up until now, I had always assumed that Simon had arrived at my house a few minutes before I did. But what if that wasn’t true? What if he deliberately went to my house early just to have time alone with Dani? And if that was true, how much time did they spend together? I guessed that they would have anywhere from fifteen minutes to an hour or more alone. This just didn’t make any sense.I laced my fingers together in my lap and pressed my thumbs together. “I never saw them talk.”“But you often came home and they were talking. What were they saying?” Red drummed his fingers on the metal table.I struggled to remember. Now I suddenly pictured the furtive glances between them when I walked into the room, like they were trying to communicate with their eyes. Maybe I did interrupt their conversations. They were being awfully secretive. Why hadn’t I ever noticed that before?I cleared my throat, which was starting to feel dry and scratchy. “Teachers. School. Dani was asking Simon about what he thought of the classes she’d be taking in the coming semesters.” I bit my lip and stopped talking.What I said was absolutely true. Dani was curious about what was ahead of her in terms of school. And I did hear them talking about teachers, schoolwork, classes, and similar topics. But now the fact that I said it out loud concerned me a little.If the Miasma said anything bad about the school, they could get in trouble. That’s because the New Government fully controlled our schools. They controlled the curriculum. They controlled the books we read. They even controlled which teachers worked in the schools.I quickly tried to amend my previous statement, just in case Red and Gravel Voice thought that Dani was speaking out against the New Government. “She was really looking forward to her classes.”Gravel Voice forced air out from between his lips, as if he was growing impatient. “And what else did Dani and Simon talk about, Rory? What else, specifically?”“Nothing, really. Just polite small talk. The weather. Class work. They didn’t really talk.” My mouth felt dry.Gravel Voice’s left eyebrow went up. “When did you last hear them talk about the weather?”This was getting weird now. I unlaced my fingers and shoved my hands under my thighs. “I dunno. A few days before I ended up here.”“And what did they say?” Gravel Voice pressed.This concerned me. Again, I felt like we were going into dangerous territory. The tension in the room seemed palpable. “They were talking about an upcoming storm.”Gravel Voice nodded once, as if urging me to continue.I searched my mind, trying to remember the conversation. It seemed so insignificant. Not memorable. “It was just small talk. I don’t remember.”“Try,” Gravel Voice said as he leaned forward. He reached to his belt and withdrew some sort of tool, something that looked like pliers. I looked up from the pliers back to his face, and he had that tight smile on his face again, the one that told me I better comply.I closed my eyes for a few moments and thought about the conversation. I had arrived at the house a little earlier than usual that day, and Simon stopped in mid-sentence when I opened the door. Dani shot a questioning look at Simon. And then they started talking about the weather.I wondered how much of this I should tell Gravel Voice. “Dani asked Simon if she thought the storm was going to be bad. Simon said it would probably be the worst one we had had in a while. And that Dani should prepare, just in case. That’s all I heard.”I didn’t give much thought to their small talk that day. But now that I was sitting here in this interrogation room, I was starting to feel paranoid about the conversation. There was no storm. There hadn’t been much more than light rain as far as I knew. So why did Simon tell Dani to prepare?I stared at my blurred reflection in the table. I blinked a few times rapidly to clear my head, then looked up at my captors. They were both leaning back in their chairs, arms crossed, looking satisfied, as if I had just delivered a missing puzzle piece to them.This worried me. I worried about whether Dani was in danger. I also worried about whether Dani hid secrets from me. Was it true? Or were my captors just messing with my head again?Chapter 6New blisters formed on my hands nearly every day, while the older blisters ripped open, exposing raw, tender flesh. Pulling the long sleeves over my hands didn’t work as well anymore, because there were holes and tears in the sleeves. I gritted my teeth and tried to avoid thinking about the pain.I felt a drop of perspiration roll down the side of my face. The sun beat down again today, and the black earth was soaking up that heat, making it uncomfortably warm to be working so hard.I looked around. Many of the children’s faces were bright red. The children were overheated, of course, but their faces were also sunburned, like mine. Every day I smeared as much dirt as I could on my face to help block the sun. It helped, but perhaps not enough.I heard a loud cough near me. I turned, surprised to see Diego working in the position directly next to me. I didn’t even remember seeing him as part of my group earlier this morning. But now here he was, standing right next to me.“How are you?” He spoke his words in time with the shovel sounds and other work noise.“Fine,” I snapped. I didn’t really want to talk to him. I still felt like talking to him was putting both me and my sister Dani in jeopardy.“Simon wanted to tell you.” He paused. “About the Revolution. I told him no, not yet. He was going to tell you.”“Simon put me in danger then by talking to me, and you’re putting me in danger now,” I hissed. I glanced over at him. He nodded, as if accepting responsibility for it all.“I know. But you had to know. And we were both going to tell you when the time was right,” Diego whispered.“Why?” I spit out. “To put me in even more danger? So that I’d lose my mother like I had already lost my father?” My voice rose. I caught myself, shut my mouth, and looked around to make sure the guard wasn’t watching us.“Your father is alive. He’s part of the Revolution,” Diego said evenly.My shovel slipped from my hands just as I was throwing dirt to the side, causing a few loud clangs as it tumbled onto the large pile of dirt and stones. I looked up again at the guard, who was now watching me. I felt my face flush. I doubt the guard noticed, since my face was sunburned and dirty.I picked the shovel back up and got straight back to work without looking over at Diego. My mind reeled, and I wanted to ask a million questions. But I couldn’t ask, not yet, because the shovel slipping from my hands drew too much attention to us.After a few minutes, the guard blew his whistle. I dropped to the ground and grabbed my canteen. Out of my side vision, I could see Diego drinking. Except he wasn’t actually drinking. He tipped the canteen and pretended to drink, but he was whispering very quietly to me.“The New Government took him. And the Underground rescued him. I’ve been here at the prison waiting for you to arrive—we knew they’d bring you here sooner or later. We’re gonna get you out of here.”This was big news, so big that I was having trouble wrapping my mind around it. The thought of getting out of this place excited me, and the thought of seeing my father made my heart feel full. I missed him.But I was also concerned. I really didn’t know Diego. I didn’t know if I could trust him. And I didn’t know if this was some kind of trick.I mimicked Diego and pretended to drink water while whispering, “How do I know I can trust you?”“Because your father told me to tell you about the donkey game,” he replied quietly.I felt a wide smile cross my face. My father and I played the donkey game when I was a child of about four or five years old. My father pretended to be a donkey, and I rode around on him through the house. No one could know about this game except my own family. My father must have told Diego. My father must really be alive.“Okay,” I whispered back. “Just tell me what to do.”***A few weeks had passed since Diego first told me that my father was alive and that the Underground was going to rescue me just like they rescued him. Since then, Diego relayed bits and pieces of the plan to me. He told me we were going to wait until we were digging closer to the forest, and then we were going to make a break for it. Based on how quickly the digging operation was moving toward the forest, Diego estimated it would be another three or four weeks before we’d have a chance to escape.I pushed my morning rice ration around with my finger, making a separate small pile that I put into my pocket, adding to the other meager amount that was already there. If we were going to escape, we would need food, especially since we didn’t know how long we’d be on the run. Diego told me to start putting a portion of my rice away at every meal. I barely got enough to eat now, but he was right—we would need food until the Underground found us and rescued us.Just as I was finishing up my last few grains of rice, the cell door opened. I jumped up, expecting to go the fields. But today Red was at the door, which meant I’d be interrogated … again.As we walked down the confusing maze of hallways to the interrogation room, I thought about how much more information I possessed since the last time they talked to me. I hadn’t lied to them before, mainly because I had nothing to lie about. But now I had information. I knew things. Things that could get me killed.We reached the barren interrogation room and went in. Gravel Voice was already at the metal table with his tablet. I took my familiar seat across from the two of them, slipping my clammy hands under my thighs. I wondered if they could hear my heart beating in this otherwise silent room.Gravel Voice wasted no time. “Did Dani ever tell you about the Revolution?”“No.” I felt a slight bit of relief about the question, simply because I didn’t have to lie about the answer.“Did Simon Price tell you about the Revolution?”“No.”“Did your father tell you about the Revolution?”“No.”“When was the last time you saw your father?” Red asked.“The night the New Government officials took him away.”“The night he was arrested for crimes against the state.” Red nodded as he laced his fingers together and put his hands behind his head.“No, the night you intimidated my family by taking my father away for no reason.” I shouldn’t have said that. But that feeling had been boiling up in me for so long.Red leaned back in his chair as the corners of his mouth turned up in a smirk. I got the feeling that he admired my feistiness. He looked over at Gravel Voice, who turned his head slightly and nodded. Gravel Voice removed that odd pliers-type tool from his belt and laid it on the table again.“Now, Ms. O’Shannon,” Red said slowly. “Let’s talk about Diego.”I felt my eyes get wide. I looked down, trying to cover up my reaction. They knew. They knew. They’d seen me talking to Diego, they knew who Diego was, and they knew about the escape.“So,” Red continued, “what has Diego told you about the Revolution?”“Nothing,” I lied. I wondered if they could tell I was lying. I lifted my head and looked Red right in the eye, trying to hold his unwavering gaze, hoping that he couldn’t see right through me.“And your father? What did Diego say about your father?” Red asked.I almost bit my lip, but I caught myself. I needed to keep a straight face. A poker face. I couldn’t let the New Government know what I knew—about my father, about Diego, about the escape. “Nothing.”“You’re lying.” Red unlaced his fingers and pointed an accusing finger at me.I shook my head. I leaned back in my chair, trying to appear as calm and collected as possible. But I was shaking. My hands were shaking. My legs were starting to shake. I felt like my whole body would be shaking pretty soon.“Tell us where Diego is taking you,” Gravel Voice said as he looked up at the blinking red recording light in the corner and nodded.“I … I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Panic surged in my stomach and dried out my mouth.“Yes, you do. Tell us what Diego told you in the fields.” Gravel Voice looked at the pliers on the table and then looked at me.I suddenly realized that the guards out in the fields weren’t stupid. Diego and I hadn’t escaped detection by being sly. Instead, those guards had probably been told to let us talk. Because if we talked, then we’d exchange information. And if we exchanged information, then these officials could interrogate us to get the information.I remained silent. I wasn’t sure if I should lie, if I should evade, if I should just stay quiet. I didn’t know how much they knew. I wanted to hear from them.Gravel Voice looked at the blinking light, and again he nodded. He reached over and picked up the pliers. Moments later, three large men walked into the room and stood behind me.I looked up and over one shoulder and then I glanced over the other shoulder to get a look at these men in their crisp, black New Government uniforms with the red stripes and buttons. None of them were looking at me. Instead, they were looking at Gravel Voice, as if waiting for him to give some sort of instruction. My heart pounded in my chest. My hands trembled. If they were trying to intimidate me, it was working.“We’re going to ask you just one more time—what did Diego tell you in the fields?” Red asked as he leaned forward and narrowed his eyes.If I told the truth, I was in danger. Diego would probably be as good as dead. And if I lied again? I wasn’t sure what they had in mind for me. But as long as I had information that they needed to know, I didn’t think they would kill me. At least I hoped not.I shook my head. “Nothing.” I crossed my arms over my chest. I was going for a defiant look, but in truth I was trying to hide my shaking body.Gravel Voice’s eyebrows went up. I guess he must have been surprised that his intimidation tactic didn’t work. I was sure he used these tactics on countless others—maybe even grown men—and had seen them crumble and do what he wanted them to do. He expected me to buckle.Gravel Voice gave a slight nod to the two men behind me. They grabbed my arms and legs and slid me and my chair out from under the table. They turned the chair around so that I was facing the third man, with the table and my captors to my right. The third man picked the pliers up off the table and opened them.Now I could see the tool clearly. They were like pliers, but made of thin, sharp blades. I drew in a big breath and pressed back hard in my chair, trying to put as much distance between me and this tool.The men on either side of me held me tightly in the chair, so tight my arms and legs hurt. The man on my left pushed my arm out toward the burly man directly in front of me. The man in front took hold of my left hand and put the pliers around my thumb, squeezing lightly.I flinched and bucked in my chair, but the men’s grip on my arms and legs tightened and held me still. I squeezed my eyes shut to block out the sight. I’d already seen a light trickle of blood coming off my thumb. That was gone now, blocked out by my eyelids. But the pliers squeezed tighter and the pain grew more intense as the blades slowly, slowly started cutting into my flesh.I gritted my teeth as a scream erupted in my throat. Somewhere to my right side I could hear Gravel Voice saying, “Wait, wait.”The pinching pain eased, but the sharp sting of freshly torn flesh remained. Something wet warmed my arm: blood, of course. I didn’t open my eyes, but I knew the man in front of me had loosened the pressure on the pliers. My left thumb throbbed. Tears escaped from my eyes and rolled down my cheeks.Gravel Voice talked again. He sounded far away. “Ms. O’Shannon, what did Diego tell you in the field about the Revolution?”We were past vague intimidation tactics. At this point, I knew they were going to take my left thumb if I didn’t tell them. I couldn’t tell them about the escape, obviously. But I could tell them something else. Anything else. Anything to keep them from using those pliers again.“He told me he heard my father was safe,” I said as I choked back sobs, opened my eyes, and turned my head toward my captors. It was more or less true. Obviously, the New Government knew that someone helped my father escape. And they apparently knew that Diego was part of the Revolution. So I didn’t feel like I was telling them any information that they didn’t already know.“And what does the Revolution intend to do next?” Gravel Voice pressed. He looked so relaxed as he stroked his bushy beard.“I don’t know.” I turned my head to face frontwards. The man in front of me still held my hand with the bloody thumb, with the pliers still in place. His body seemed stiff, like a cat ready to jump on its prey.“What is the Revolution going to do next?” Gravel Voice repeated.I bit my bottom lip and shook my head. Of course I knew what they were going to do next—they were going to help me escape out of this prison. But I couldn’t say that, so I had to lie. “I don’t know.”The man holding the pliers looked over in Gravel Voice’s direction. Then he started squeezing down, slowly, slowly, so I could feel as the blades tore into each layer of flesh, each layer of sinew, each layer of muscle.I screamed. It was an animalistic sound that I couldn’t have stopped if I wanted to. I was roaring, screaming, crying. So many sounds tumbled out of me. It wasn’t me. It didn’t sound like me. It was unrecognizable. These sounds grated in my head, yet they were far away, muffled, surreal.And the pain, oh my god … the pain. I’d never felt anything like it before. Slow, agonizing. My body tried to buck in the seat. I tried to pull my arm away from my torturers, but the men held me tightly. I couldn’t move. All I could do was scream as the blades sliced into my flesh.Somewhere I could hear Gravel Voice asking his questions again. I heard it as if I was underwater listening to muffled sounds. I knew what he was asking, I knew he was pressing me for more information, but I couldn’t make out the words. I gritted my teeth and shook my head. I wasn’t going to give them the information that would get me killed. Or Diego. Or my family.The pressure increased. The blades started crushing through my bone. I couldn’t hear the sound since I was screaming too loud, but I could feel the pain shooting up my arm. I could feel the vibration, the pressure, the crushing sensation.I cried out again and again. The dark world behind my closed eyelids started to spin. And that’s the last thing I remember.Chapter 7I woke up shivering. I was in the dark again, and based on the familiar damp and musty smells it was pretty clear I was back in my cell. I curled up in the fetal position, trying to keep warm, but it was a futile attempt. My clothes felt wet, and my face pressed into the cool, muddy floor. They must have run water into my cell again, but I had no awareness of when this happened.My entire left hand throbbed. The pain intensified and shot up my arm with every heartbeat. I rolled over onto my back and draped my left arm across my chest, hoping this new position would ease some of the pain. Instead, the stabbing pain increased. I felt dizzy, like the floor moved beneath me. A long moan started deep in my throat. I didn’t try to stop it.I pulled in a deep breath. Truth time. I had to find out what they did. Slowly I brought my right hand up to my left thumb. Some sort of soft cloth, like cotton, wrapped around my left hand, no doubt to help stop the bleeding. I pushed at the cloth. I squeezed it. And I verified what I already knew: my thumb was gone.I shuddered as I remembered what had happened in the interrogation room. I could still feel the blades crushing into my bone. Memories of my own screaming seemed to echo in my head. Then I rolled to my side and vomited, heaving until there was nothing left in my stomach to expel.***I don’t know how much time had passed since I vomited—maybe a few hours—but I woke up with the stench of my stale vomit filling my nostrils. I heaved again just at the smell, but it was a dry heave. I had nothing left to give.I sat up and blinked a few times, as if that would help me see better in the inky black darkness. As usual it didn’t work, but that never stopped me from trying. When you’re plunged into darkness involuntarily for long periods of time, there’s a natural tendency to do just about anything you can—no matter how silly—in order to see something.I was scared of the dark. I didn’t used to be, but my captors wore me down with the hard work, the lack of food, the sleepless nights, and the interrogations. I considered myself lucky that I had only lost my thumb so far, as I knew it wouldn’t take much more for me to lose my mind. And if I wasn’t careful, I’d lose my life, too.I stood up and walked around to stretch out my stiff muscles. I felt lightheaded. Faint. Nauseous. I wondered how much blood I lost. It also made me wonder how long I had been passed out. When did I last drink or eat?I used the sound of the dripping water to orient myself in the dark. Then I walked in the direction of the cell door. Once I found it, I carefully crawled around on my hands and knees on the floor, very slowly, sweeping my hand in front of me. Sure enough, there was a bowl of rice and a cup of water near the door. I never heard them come.I took my bowl and sat with my back against the damp wall. I ate very slowly to make sure that the nausea wasn’t going to make me waste this food. I ate a bite, waited for a few minutes, and then ate some more. Same with drinking water: take a sip, wait about five minutes, take another sip. It all went down and stayed down.Just as I tipped the metal cup to drink the last sip of water, the bright lights flooded my cell. The cell door opened, and I could hear Gravel Voice telling me to get up and follow him. I couldn’t see him because my eyes weren’t adjusted to the brightness. But I did as I was told.We ended up back in the interrogation room. This time Diego sat across the table from Red. My mouth dropped open and I stopped in my tracks, causing Gravel Voice to run into me from behind. I stumbled and fell to my knees. Gravel Voice yanked me up by my left elbow, and I gritted my teeth against the searing pain.Diego’s dark eyes looked sad and his black hair was tangled and matted. I imagined they had been doing the same things to him that they had been doing to me. He looked run-down. Beaten. This was definitely not the same young man that I talked to in the fields just a few days before.“Go. Sit.” Red commanded as he gestured to the chair next to Diego.As I approached the table, Diego reached over to pull out the chair next to him. That’s when I noticed the bloody rag wrapped around his hand. I lifted my gaze to his eyes, and he was looking at my wrapped left hand. No words were needed. We both knew what had happened.I shot a sideways glance at Diego as I dropped into the chair. Seeing him here made me want to wrap my arms around him tightly. I wanted to cry, which was something I tried to avoid doing around my captors. And I had a feeling I would feel protected and safe with my head on Diego’s chest and his arms wrapped around me.I shook my head slightly, trying to clear the thought. If I lingered on that fantasy, I might just do it. Or I might at least break down. And even though it was starting to feel more and more like a part of me was dying inside this prison, I couldn’t let Red and Gravel Voice see my weakness. I brought my right hand up to touch the ‘S’ medallion under my shirt. Courage comes from love.“Yesterday you were both uncooperative,” Red started. “Today we want answers. The truth. And that’s why we brought you both into here. If we need to encourage one of you to talk, the other will be forced to watch.”They’d have to pry my eyes open to make me watch any of this torture. But there wasn’t anything I’d be able to do to keep myself from hearing it. Hearing it might be worse: the screams, the fear, the panic. No, they didn’t have to force me to watch anything, because listening to it would be bad enough.“What does the Revolution intend to do next?” Red asked. He looked briefly at me before turning his full attention to Diego.Diego shifted in his seat. I wondered if he was considering whether to lie or tell the truth. “The Revolution intends to dismantle this prison,” he said quietly.I felt my eyebrows go up as I turned to look at Diego. I was surprised by this information. And I was even more surprised that he said it out loud, although I wasn’t sure if it was true or not.“And how do they intend to do this?” Red pressed as he traced his index finger along his red mustache.“Air strikes,” Diego said. His voice grew stronger.“Air strikes,” Red repeated. “And how do they intend to do air strikes without airplanes?”“Who said they didn’t have airplanes?” Diego sat up a little taller in his chair.“Where would they get airplanes?” Red rephrased his question. “The Underground doesn’t have the money. And there have been no reports of missing aircraft.”“Not yet, anyway,” Diego said as he leaned forward, almost as if trying to get closer to Red. “But you’d be surprised what people can do when they’re desperate.”I looked back and forth between Red, Gravel Voice, and Diego. They all had their eyes locked onto one another. I felt like I had just melted into the background, which was fine by me.I quickly realized Diego’s strategy was meant to keep me safe. Gravel Voice and Red knew that Diego was the one with the information. They didn’t bring me into this room to question me. The only reason they brought me here was to make sure Diego kept talking. Because once he ceased talking—or if Gravel Voice and Red decided he was lying—then they’d torture me until Diego started talking again.I felt a little sick at the thought. I didn’t know if I could sit through another torture session. I didn’t want Diego watching me lose another finger. But I also felt sick because I didn’t know if Diego was lying … or if he was compromising the Underground’s entire mission just to save a few of my fingers.“What targets does the Underground intend to strike? Where will they get the planes?” Gravel Voice asked. He stretched one arm out and drummed his thumb on the table.Diego leaned back in his chair and folded his arms. He looked confident. He looked a little less beat. I think he was happy with the way the interrogation was going. And that made me think that either he was lying or the Underground had such an ingenious plan that he could share it without compromising it.“Well? What are the targets?” Red asked when Diego didn’t answer right away. I felt there was an ominous tone in Red’s voice, a slight warning to Diego that cooperation was essential today.“The targets? Wherever there is opportunity,” Diego said.“And where does the Underground think there is an opportunity?” Red asked. He slid a cigarette from his breast pocket and started tapping it on the back of his hand.“I can’t say for sure since I haven’t talked to the leaders in months,” Diego said as he leaned back even further in his chair and stroked his bearded chin with his good hand. “But I’d imagine Military Base 22 is still pretty attractive.”I didn’t know anything about Military Base 22, except that it was on the outskirts of the City. It seemed small compared to the other bases, but well protected with high walls and plenty of soldiers on duty. The difference, I supposed, was that it was isolated.Red and Gravel Voice exchanged a quick look. The exchange made me think that Military Base 22 was vulnerable. A bit of worry creased Red’s forehead. Gravel Voice was rubbing the side of his face. I still didn’t know whether Diego was lying or telling the truth, but it didn’t matter—he had these two eating out of the palm of his hand now.“What vulnerabilities?” Red asked as he lit his cigarette with a chrome Zippo lighter. The smoke tickled my nose and I fought back the urge to sneeze.“It’s isolated. It’s easy to cut the power. It’s easy to ambush because the trees around it serve as perfect cover.” Diego was smoothing his scraggly beard with two fingers. “And a dark night like tonight would be the perfect time to do it.”“Stay here,” Red commanded as he got up. Gravel Voice followed his lead, and they exited the room, leaving a cloud of smoke behind them.I looked over at Diego and opened my mouth to ask him if it was true. He put his fingers to his lips. Then he looked over at the red blinking light in the corner.Of course. We were being watched and listened to. I had been so mesmerized by what Diego was saying that I almost forgot where we were for a moment.“You okay?” he asked. Concern flooded his weary eyes. I realized this was the first time that I had really looked at him. He was handsome. Even though he was probably about my age—maybe a little older, like eighteen or nineteen—he already had the muscled chest and the square-cut jaw of a man in his early twenties. I held back my impulse to reach over and touch his face.I nodded back at him. “And you?”“Been better.” He smiled.I smiled back in appreciation of his attempt at levity. It felt good to smile. I wasn’t even sure when I had last smiled.“Have you cleaned your hand?” he asked as he looked down at my hand. His eyebrows knitted with worry.I shook my head. “No, I was dehydrated and drank the water this morning.”“Not with water.” He paused for a moment and searched my eyes.“Oh,” I replied as I shook my head. He meant urine. I wrinkled my nose at him. With all that had happened these past few weeks, I guess peeing on my hand wouldn’t be the worst thing I could do.He nodded, an acknowledgment that I understood. “You need to keep it clean. If it gets infected, you’re going to have big problems. You need to wash the rag too.”“I will.”He reached down and took my wrapped hand into his wrapped hand. Then he stroked my palm with his good hand. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered.“It’s not your fault.” As the words came out of my mouth, I realized that I believed him. For so many weeks I was angry at Simon and angry at Diego. But Simon and Diego were the good guys. They didn’t actually mean me any harm. It truly wasn’t their fault. The New Government and the Elite deserved the blame. They were the only ones at fault in this situation.“I put you in danger …” he trailed off, as if he wanted to say more.“I know why you did it. I know why Simon did it. I’m not mad anymore.” I touched his forearm. It felt good to say that. I had forgiven him, truly and deeply. I wasn’t just paying lip service. I meant it. “But can I ask you something?”Diego nodded.“Before Simon died he was trying to tell me something. He said I was different. Do you know what he meant??Diego lifted a hand to touch my cheek briefly. He pulled in a deep breath. “Yes, but I can’t tell you now, Rory,” he said very quietly so that I almost didn’t hear him. He glanced over at the red light. We couldn’t talk about it.“Okay,” I said to show him I understood.“Maybe tonight you’ll sleep better,” Diego said softly.Something about his voice caught my attention. I looked from our wrapped hands up to his face. He was staring at me, almost like he was trying to bore as deeply into my eyes as he could. He was trying to tell me something.“Yes, I hope so …” I said with some uncertainty, as I wasn’t sure where this was going.“You look tired. Try to get to sleep early.” Diego’s eyes flickered and widened for just a moment. He was trying to tell me something.I widened my eyes as well, hoping it was just enough for him to notice, but not enough to be detected by anyone watching the cameras. I gave him a silent acknowledgment that the message was received. Except, of course, I didn’t know what the message meant.The door to the interrogation room swung open, and Diego instantly let go of my hand. I turned to look to the door, and I wasn’t surprised to see Red there.“Let’s go,” he said as he pointed at me.Red marched me back to my cell. I assumed they had either continued interrogating Diego or they had brought him back to his cell too. I certainly hoped that they hadn’t tortured him. I couldn’t imagine that they would, since that’s why they had brought me to the interrogation room. If they needed Diego to cooperate, they would have tortured me instead.I laid on my back on the cool floor, closed my eyes, and tried to will myself to sleep. For some reason, Diego thought it was important for me to sleep well tonight. He wanted me to go to bed early. Maybe because I needed my strength for something?I started counting backward from five thousand. Hopefully I’d be asleep before I got to zero.Chapter 8I jolted awake in the darkness. Again.I couldn’t see anything. I couldn’t hear anything except the dripping water echoing in the hollow cell. But something had woken me up. There must have been a noise. Or maybe the rats were running across my body again while I slept, digging at my pockets and trying to get at my rice.I laid still and held my breath. No telltale sounds of little feet running. No squeaks or other animal sounds. No noises outside the cell door either. Just drip, drip, drip.Still, I sensed something. I sat up to see if that would give me a better opportunity to hear something. Drip, drip, drip.Then, between the drips, I heard someone whispering my name. “Rory. Rory. Rory.”I felt the goose bumps rise up on my arms as a shiver went down my back. The whispers seemed to be coming from the ceiling, or at least high up the wall, perhaps someplace near the dripping.I bit my lip. More head games? What did my captors have in mind tonight? Had they heard Diego telling me to get some sleep and decided to make sure I didn’t get any sleep at all?“RORY.” The whispered voice grew louder, and it was plucked with urgency.Against what seemed my better judgment, I answered, “What?”“Grab your rice. We’re going.”“Diego?” Suddenly I realized who was calling for me.“Yes. Now come toward the sound of my voice. I’ve dropped a rope down. Tie it around your waist and start climbing.”I walked slowly through the darkness, sweeping my arms in front of me, listening as Diego repeatedly said, “Keep coming, follow my voice, keep coming, feel for the rope.” I found the thick rope, tied it around my waist, and started climbing. Simultaneously, I was pulled up toward the ceiling.When I reached the ceiling, I raised my arm up, and several hands pulled me through an extremely narrow opening. I knew there were three people, but I couldn’t quite make them out in the darkness. Someone was holding up a green glow stick of some sort, giving me just enough light to see Diego right in front of me.Everyone was crouched down due to the low ceiling of the crawl space. Once they had pulled me up through the hole, Diego did quick and quiet introductions.“Rory, this is Ethan and Levi. They’re going to get lead us out of here,” Diego whispered. He pointed to Ethan, a lanky man with white-blond hair, and Levi, a dark-haired man who could have passed for Diego’s brother.“Let’s go,” Levi said as he started crawling into the darkness.I understood. We didn’t have time for small talk. We needed to be quiet.Muffled voices floated up as we crawled. We must have been crawling over other cells, because at times I heard what sounded like someone talking to themselves. I could almost imagine them sitting alone in the dark, desperately trying to ward off insanity. There were times over the past few weeks that I had resorted to talking to myself, too.In other places I could hear joyful sounds, like laughing and loud talking coming from both males and females. Obviously these weren’t prisoners. They were probably New Government officials or at least members of the Elite.Worst of all, however, were the screams. We had been crawling along for about ten minutes when I started hearing them off in the distance. A female. She sounded young, which didn’t surprise me since everyone in this prison was young.She was screaming “No!” at first. And then she just screamed. A long, drawn-out morbid sound that rooted itself deep in my gut and made me feel sick again. And we kept crawling closer and closer to the screaming, with the screaming getting louder and louder as we approached.Eventually we must have been directly over the room where they were torturing her. I heard a metal sound scraping on concrete, as if someone pushed the metal table across the floor. But mainly I just heard this woman’s screams. Her screams didn’t die in her throat. These were screams laced with pure terror and palpable pain.Diego, who was crawling behind me, touched my back and patted me. It was a comforting pat, an acknowledgment that he knew what I was feeling right now listening to those screams. He probably felt it too. And maybe he just wanted to reach out and touch someone, to feel someone real, to know that he was okay right in this moment. I paused to reach back and touch his hand. Then I continued crawling.It probably took at least another fifteen minutes of crawling before I couldn’t hear the woman screaming anymore. The worst part was that she seemed to be screaming almost constantly. I couldn’t imagine what they were doing to her. I sent up a silent prayer that she would pass out, just like I did when they tortured me, so that she wouldn’t have to endure the pain any longer.A few minutes later we reached a hole in the wall. I knew we were underground, so I expected us to start going up. Instead, one by one we went into the hole and started crawling through a tight tunnel made of dirt. We were going to escape this prison by crawling across the grounds, hopefully undetected, underground and out of sight.I thought about what Diego had said in the interrogation room about planes. Was that really part of an Underground plan? Or had he said that to throw them off? Because I’m sure extra soldiers stood guard at the bases now to guard the planes. And I bet the guards here at the prison were looking up … while we crawled right underneath them.***“This is the end of the tunnel,” Levi’s deep voice said in the darkness as we crawled out of the tunnel. “And this is where it’s going to get hard. We will have the cover of trees. But we won’t have continuous cover. Sometimes we’ll be out in the open. That’s why you need to wear these. Put them on over your clothes.”Someone pressed a bundle into my hand. By the light of the glow stick, the bundle appeared to include black pants and a black long-sleeved shirt. We were going to take advantage of the moonless night and try to go undetected by wearing dark clothing.“Put this on,” Ethan said as he pressed a black stocking hat into my hand. “And tuck your braid into your shirt to hide it.”I nodded and did as I was told. I watched as Ethan slipped a black hat over his head too, being sure to tuck in the stray strands of his white-blond hair.“You also need to take this in case we get split up,” Ethan said. This time, he placed three items into my hands: a small plastic tube, a cloth bag, and a rolled-up paper. “That’s your glow stick, a little food, and a map that you can use to orient yourselves. I’ve marked on the map where we are right now and where the rendezvous point is with the other members. Take a look.”Ethan turned on his glow stick next to me and unrolled a map. He showed me and Diego the escape route. We’d be running across fields, streams, and forests. The rendezvous point seemed to be at the edge of a forest, where members of the Underground would take us back to their headquarters.“How far is it to this location?” I asked as I pointed on the map to the meeting place.“About twenty miles. The goal is to cross these fields overnight, under the cover of darkness,” Ethan said as he pointed to the map. “It’s gonna be a rough night tonight, because we need to move fast so that we’re to these trees before first light.”“Is everyone ready?” Levi asked. Then, without waiting for an answer, he commanded us to get going.We crawled out of the opening of the tunnel and started running. We were under trees at first, but I knew we’d be in the field soon. That would be the scary part, because there would be no cover. If they launched planes or helicopters with spotlights, they would capture us instantly.And yet I also couldn’t help but wonder how many hours’ head start we’d have running. I had no idea what time it was. And I had no idea when they would check my cell or Diego’s prison cell. I hoped they wouldn’t figure it out until morning.I found it difficult to run. My prison-issued boots were too big. The terrain was a bit uneven, maybe rocky. The worst part was that I couldn’t even really see where I was running. So all I focused on was staying as close as I could to Levi, trying to put my feet where he put his.Diego ran behind me, sometimes with his hand lightly touching my back, which I assumed he did to stay as close as possible to me without running into me. Sometimes I’d stumble a little, but his hands were always there to catch me, to steady me, to help me regain my balance and get back to running.I couldn’t hear anything except our footsteps and our heavy breathing. They sounded so loud in the still night air. I doubted we were anywhere near the prison itself—certainly not where anyone could hear us—because we had crawled through that dirt tunnel for what seemed like forever. Or maybe that was just wishful thinking.After quite a long stretch of running, we reached a stream. Everyone dropped to the edge of the bank, and I followed suit, cupping water into my hand and bringing it to my mouth. It tasted a little gritty and dirty. Perhaps many weeks ago, before this all started, I wouldn’t have even thought of drinking from the banks of a dirty river. But my perspective had changed. Now I felt very grateful to have any water at all.“Into the river,” Levi said.I remembered hearing about people going into a river to throw hound dogs off a hot trail. I had no idea if the New Government planned to send dogs after us, but going in the water seemed like a good idea either way. Not only were we not making a scent trail, but we weren’t making any footprints either.We stayed fairly close to the edge of one bank and walked through waist-high water. It was exhausting at times because we were going against the current. Sometimes we used branches that hung over the river as leverage, a way to keep ourselves steady in the fairly fast-moving river.Eventually Levi directed us out of the water for a break. He passed around a little bag of sugar cubes, which we were to suck on as we rested. It was a quick way to give us a little energy. Apparently real food would have to wait, if that’s what you’d call the rice scraps that were now soaking wet in my pocket.“Listen,” our leader whispered.“Levi, what is it?” someone else whispered in the darkness.“Shhhh, listen,” Levi repeated.We all sat quietly. I stopped sucking on my sugar cube and just held it quietly in my mouth as I strained to hear the faintest of sounds. Then I heard it, or at least what I think Levi was talking about: some kind of humming in the distance.“Vehicles,” I said. “Maybe a convoy. Maybe a search party.”“And not the good kind of search party,” Levi said. “Let’s go.”We got back into the water and started moving as quickly as we could upriver, trying to put as much distance between us, the prison, and the vehicles that were likely pursuing us.***I’d guess we had only been in the river for another thirty minutes before Levi pulled us out of the water.“I want everyone to run in different directions on both sides of the river,” Levi said. “We need to create scent trails to throw them off in case they send dogs. Create dead ends, like trails that loop back to the river or trails that seem to go up trees. Go.”Diego and I ran together, creating a scent trail that ran at a ninety-degree angle from the river. At times we split up just to create more confusion. Diego climbed a tree. We both made confusing loops and figure eights. We backtracked on our own trails.“Are we at the fields?” I asked as we jogged back toward the river. The words came out slowly, in between hard breaths.“Yes,” Diego replied, sounding equally winded. “This is where it gets hard, because we’ll have no protection. Nowhere to hide. If they find us in the fields, we’re as good as captured or killed.”He stopped running and grabbed my arm so that I’d stop moving too. I turned around to face him. His eyebrows furrowed with concern. But there was something else in his expression. Something tender.“Promise me you won’t stop fighting,” he said quietly as he stroked my arm.I lifted my glow stick up to his face and searched his eyes. He was searching mine too, though I’m not sure what he was looking for. I didn’t even really know what he meant when he said I shouldn’t stop fighting. But I just nodded and whispered, “I promise.”He nodded back as if that answer satisfied him. Then he reached out and touched my cheek with the back of his hand. His lips parted slightly as if he was going to say something. He blinked slowly and his eyes fell to my lips. He shook his head a little, as if admonishing himself for something. “Let’s go,” he said as he dropped his hand. And we started running again.When we got back to the river a few minutes later, Ethan and Levi were already waiting for us.“We need to head off this way,” Levi said, as he pointed off into the darkness. “We’ll get to the fields in about ten minutes. And then it’s going to take a few hours to run across those open spaces. It’s gonna be treacherous running, so tie your glow sticks to your feet. Set them on low, so you have just enough light to see where you’re running, but not enough light to attract attention.”I looked around at the faces of our group as I tied on my glow stick. Their jaws were set, as if they were ready to take on whatever we were going to find as we ran tonight. I wished I had their courage. My knees were starting to feel a little funny. They felt weak and shaky, maybe a bit like my resolve.I bit my lip. Damn the New Government for wearing me down these past few weeks. And damn myself for not being stronger. I’m not one to back down from a challenge. I’m not. And here I was getting scared. Yet all these people were here for me.Diego had come to the prison for me. These rescuers had come for me. Everyone in this group risked their life for me.I felt a strange fluttering in my gut. My eyes widened and I felt my jaw slacken. Oh, my god … Why were all these people willing to risk their lives for ME?Chapter 9I wished I had a watch or that at least I knew how to tell time by looking at the position of the stars. Because now the only way to tell time was to judge how much my legs burned from running and how much my lungs felt like they were going to explode.All I could hear were the multiple thump, thump, thumps—the pounding footsteps of our group as we made our way across the fields as quickly as possible. Based on how hard everyone was breathing, I’d guess they were all as tired as me. And I probably wasn’t imagining the fact that we weren’t running as fast as when we first started across the field.My throat felt dry too, and sucking in big gulps of the cool night air really didn’t help. My food pack included a small leather water pouch, which I had filled at the river, but I was trying to conserve what remained. Levi said there would be water right on the other side of field. It seemed like we wouldn’t reach the trees fast enough.If it was daytime I’d at least be able to see the other side of the field, to see the trees we were running toward. Maybe I’d be motivated to run faster. Or maybe it would be discouraging and cause me to want to just sit down in the middle of this field, too exhausted to run on.“How much farther, Levi?” My breath sounded ragged, the words clipped. “To the trees, I mean.” My words seemed so loud as they broke the rhythmic sounds of our boots thumping onto the hard-packed earth.“Guessing twenty minutes or so. But it’s hard to tell.”I nodded, even though I ran behind him and he couldn’t see me nodding. But I figured I needed to conserve my strength. And it was better to be quiet. Our boots thumped loud enough. We didn’t need to have my voice echoing into the night.The burning in my thigh muscles started increasing. Keep running, keep running. I started counting my footsteps to keep my mind off the pain. Somewhere around 345 I stopped counting. I looked up and tried to count the stars. I even tried to remember the words to an old song my mother used to sing to me.Then I heard it again.I strained to hear over the sound of our pounding boots. Motors. Something motorized. Something behind us. Something moving toward us.“Vehicles,” I hissed. “Behind us.”I looked back over my shoulder. No lights, no glowing of any kind. And yet the sound grew stronger, steadily, as if these vehicles were coming straight at us. It almost seemed like the drivers knew exactly where we were. Night vision? Infrared?“Glow sticks off,” Levi commanded urgently. He didn’t have to say any more. Like everyone else, I paused for just a brief moment to bend down to my boots and kill the glow stick. Then I straightened back up and took off running again, faster than ever.I wondered if his command to turn the glow sticks off came a little too late. We couldn’t have run this far without the glow sticks tied to our feet, because we would have stumbled too often. I know I would have fallen down dozens of times, stepped on rocks, maybe even twisted my ankle. And though they didn’t give off much light—just enough to see where to plant our feet—the sticks may have revealed our location. Especially if someone was using night-vision goggles to hunt us down.I felt hunted. I felt like prey. I pushed the thought of my burning muscles aside and focused on pumping my legs faster. The adrenaline gave me a burst of energy. We had to be near the trees. They had to be close. They had to.Then the earth started to feel different under my feet. Our pounding footsteps sounded different. And I realized we were starting to run through dried grass. We must be on the edge of the trees now. I couldn’t yet see the trees in the dark, but I felt an immense sense of relief at knowing we were close.The motorized sounds grew louder, closer. Now I could easily hear them above our hard breaths, above the sounds of our legs rubbing with the dry grass, above our pounding footsteps.I stumbled a little, my hand coming out to steady myself on Levi’s back. He slowed up and turned slightly, sweeping his arm around my waist to make sure I didn’t fall. The uneven ground made running difficult, but not unmanageable. It seemed my legs were just starting to give out. And even though I could practically feel the adrenaline coursing through me, my muscles weakened.“Not far, keep going,” Levi said quietly enough for just me to hear. Then a little louder he said, “We’ll scatter when we get to the trees. Rory, you come with me.”That eerie feeling crawled across my skin again, that feeling like something was obvious to everyone else, but it wasn’t obvious to me. Why were they doing this for me? I had thought maybe it had something to do with my father. Or something to do with Simon’s death. But now I wasn’t so sure.The motorized noises grew louder behind us, and I didn’t have time to worry any longer about why these people risked their lives for me. It sounded like four-wheelers, ATVs. Several of them. Were they accelerating? Why did it seem like they were coming up even faster behind us?I threw another look over my shoulder, and still I couldn’t see anything in the dark night. Levi pressed his arm into my back. “Never mind what’s behind us. Keep going forward.”Now we were running through brush. Something prickly tore at my clothes as we ran. With each step it seemed that the brush grew taller. What started out pulling and tearing at my knees was now tearing at my waist.And then something caught on the bandage wrap on my left hand, unraveling it. I stopped and tried to pull the rag free from the brush. I could hear the others continuing to crash through the brush to my sides.“Get going,” Levi urged as he pressed his arm into my back again.“My wrap. My hand …”“Doesn’t matter. GO.” And this time he pushed me with enough force to cause me to start moving my legs again. The rag ripped. I reached back, trying to grab at it again, but Levi pushed me forward. “Run, damn it!”The motorized hum grew louder, followed by a swish, swish sound. They had hit the dry grass. They weren’t very far behind us anymore.And then I realized they weren’t even directly behind us. The ATV sounds were spreading out. They were going to flank us. They were going to trap us. And no sooner did I think this when Levi urged us to scatter.“Scatter! Scatter! Just like the plan.” As he barked out this order, he grabbed me by the arm and started dragging me off at another angle through the tall brush.Trees. Suddenly we reached the trees, the beginning of the forest. Just a few at first, not enough to cover us, but we were definitely entering the woods now. We slowed up considerably because we were almost running into the trees. We moved as quickly as possible with our arms outstretched, trying to feel for dangers before we ran into them. But even then, branches scratched at my face as I moved.The stars gave us just enough light to see directly in front of us, but not much else. I hoped Levi knew where we were. Based on the map he showed us earlier, this was a pretty big forest. We could easily get lost here … if the ATVs didn’t catch us first.The ATVs. I could still hear one fairly close behind us, no doubt having troubles moving through the tall brush and other undergrowth. The other ATV sounds started to fall away. This spooked me, because it seemed like our pursuers knew we had scattered, and they maybe even knew which direction people were running.My face started to sting from the branches, and I could feel something warm and wet running down my cheeks. Sweat, possibly, but more likely blood from the cuts and scrapes. Levi ran behind me now, pushing me to move forward faster, occasionally telling me “right” or “left” to guide me around trees.We scrambled into ever-thicker growth, to the point where it was difficult for us to move through the trees and the undergrowth. The people on the ATVs couldn’t follow us this far, at least not on their vehicles. They’d have to dismount. Then we’d at least have a level playing field.The ATV motors died down behind his. Just like I thought—they couldn’t keep going. They were on foot now too.“I’ll lead again,” Levi said as he pushed out in front of me. “I’ve got a place to hide. A cave.” He pushed past me and reached back to grab my hand. He practically dragged me through the woods.A voice called out behind us, far away. Another voice called out closer, but more to the side. They were still seeking to surround us. And then I heard a gunshot.I dove for the ground, almost dragging Levi down along with me. The undergrowth scraped and scratched at my face as I lunged down. It felt like instinct. Hear a gunshot—go low.Then I heard someone crying out. Pain. Was it Diego? Was it Ethan? I couldn’t tell.Levi pulled at my hand. “Get up. Get up! We need to keep going.” I could sense the urgency in his voice and the way he pulled at my hand.I got up and stumbled along behind Levi as he started running again, dragging me along with him. I could still hear voices shouting, far off, and someone occasionally crying out. But I pushed it from my mind. Keep running. Keep going. Keep putting distance between us and our pursuers.“Are we almost to the rendezvous point?” I asked as I struggled to get enough oxygen into my burning lungs.“Not even close,” Levi said. “We won’t get there tonight.”I already knew that. Somewhere in the back of my mind I knew it was a long way between the prison and the rendezvous point. But a little piece of me clung to some desperate hope that we were closer. A desperate hope that we would soon meet up with people so that we could face these pursuers and fight them if need be. But that wasn’t going to happen, not tonight.***              “Here—hide,” Levi commanded as pushed me toward a small opening in a rock wall. I reached my hand up to steady myself, and I found the opening very narrow at the top, too small for me to squeeze through. I slid my hand down and was relieved to find the opening widened at the base, as it was big enough at ground level for one person to crawl through.Once I got past the opening, I felt a sense of expansiveness. I couldn’t see anything, but I knew the space was large. A cave. A tunnel. Someplace to just hide out for a while.Our hiding place possessed a familiar smell: the damp, dank smell of my prison cell. I could even hear water dripping in some far-off corner. I shivered involuntarily.We arrived at this cave just in time. I could see a faint light coming up on the horizon, so I knew the morning sun was rising, though I wasn’t sure if the sunlight was an advantage or a disadvantage for us. Based on what happened in the forest, I was pretty sure our pursuers wore night-vision goggles. And if that was true, then day and night didn’t really matter much to them.I heard rustling as Levi squeezed through the opening behind me. Then more rustling. I could just barely make out his figure with the faint light coming through the opening of the cave. Then suddenly the light disappeared. Completely.A faint blue light glowed as Levi lit his glow stick. I reached down to remove mine from my boot, and I lit mine too. Then I looked around to examine our hideout.Levi had covered the narrow opening with his black shirt, which did a nice job of blocking the entrance. We couldn’t see out, but no one would see our glow sticks either.“That shirt is going to have to come down out of the entrance in about twenty minutes,” Levi said. “When it starts getting more light out there, the shirt is going to stick out like a sore thumb to anyone who walks by and is looking for traces of us. But for now, it hides our glow sticks,” he added.I whirled around to face him, this time really looking at him for the first time. He was tall, over six feet. Dark hair, dark stubble on his face, and a scar across his left cheek. He had a rugged look about him, like a man who had seen a few fights but knew how to hold his own. He wore a white T-shirt that made him look like he glowed in the now-dimly lit cave.I moved a few steps closer to see what he was doing. He crouched down on the floor, and I could see something metallic in his hand. A gun.I felt my eyes grew wide. At this point, nothing should surprise me anymore. But still, I couldn’t believe he actually carried a gun. The Miasma couldn’t have weapons of any kind, especially not guns. The New Government would imprison or even kill us for such an offense.“Where did you get that?” I nodded at the gun, my eyes never leaving its sleek barrel. I slumped down to the floor next to him, relieved to be giving my legs a much-needed break.Levi chuckled a little. “Surprised that I have it?”I nodded. “I’m surprised that you have it and you’re still alive. The New Government would have killed a Miasma member who was in possession of a gun.”“Well, the Underground does things a little different,” Levi said as he checked the magazine on the gun and then snapped it back into place. “Let’s just say that the Elite owner of this gun isn’t alive anymore.”I smiled. It seemed morbid to smile as Levi hinted how he killed someone to get a gun. But I smiled because Levi had fought back against the system and won.This wasn’t just about the Revolution. This was about one guy standing up and saying “no.” One guy saying “screw the rules” and doing something no matter what the consequences. I liked this guy.“Do you know how to shoot?” Levi asked.I shook my head. “Of course not.” I examined my raw, oozing thumb stump to see how much more damage had been sustained after the branch ripped off the bandage in the woods.“Thought I would ask, just in case you were leading a secret life on the side.”I looked over at Levi. His eyes twinkled.I laughed. Secret life. I’ve never led a secret life. But now I was immersed so deeply into other people’s secret lives that I’d never be able to get back to my own life.“Levi, can I ask you a question?” I ripped off a strip of fabric from the bottom of my shirt so I could wrap my bleeding hand.“Of course.”“Why me?” I paused and bit my lip, trying to figure out the right way to say this. I was trying to put into words something that I didn’t quite understand. “Why are all these people risking their lives to save me?”I looked back over at Levi in time to see the faintest hint of surprise crossing his face. “Because of who you are, Rory.” He smiled.“Of who I am?”He nodded.“Rory O’Shannon?”“It’s much more than that, Rory,” Levi said quietly as he counted his bullets.“My father? Are you saving me because of something my father did?”“No. We saved your father because of who you are.” Levi looked over at me, his eyes searching my face as if to see whether I understood what he was telling me.I felt my brow crinkle. I didn’t understand any of this at all. Levi talked as if I was important, as if I was someone. “I don’t understand,” I admitted.“I had a feeling you wouldn’t,” Levi replied. “And while I can’t explain it to you just yet, you’ll need to trust me. You’ll find out everything later, when we get back to the Underground.”I didn’t say anything, because I didn’t yet understand.Levi gestured at the floor of the cave. “Get some sleep. I’ll keep watch.”Chapter 10Dripping water. Mourning doves.I could hear dripping water hitting rock, which was the same sound I had been waking up to in prison. That wasn’t unusual.But now, with my eyes closed, I became aware of the sound of mourning doves. I considered it a good sign, a reminder that I wasn’t in my prison cell anymore. Even though this cave smelled a little like my cell and I heard the same drip, drip, drip rhythm, I was free: still pursued, but no longer under lock and key.I spotted Levi crouched at the entrance to the cave, peering out into the morning light. He wore his black shirt again. “How long was I sleeping?” I asked.“Not long. Maybe an hour.” Levi whispered, never taking his eyes from the entrance. I could see his gun in his right hand.“Did you want to sleep? I can watch.” I too whispered to match Levi’s quiet words.“No,” Levi said. “We both need to be awake right now. They’re getting closer.” He still didn’t look at me, but he raised his hand up by his head and beckoned me with his finger.I walked over and crouched down next to him. I couldn’t see anything unusual. In fact, I couldn’t even see any trace of us from the outside. Levi must have brushed away our tracks while I slept.“Listen,” Levi said so quietly I almost didn’t hear him.I sat next to him, straining to hear anything above the dripping water and the birds singing. Then I heard it—a rustling noise. A pause. Another rustling noise. And then the snap of a twig.Someone—or multiple people—moved slowly near the cave opening, their footsteps crackling as they landed on dried leave and twigs.My heart pounded. I wondered how much protection this little cave really gave us. There was some undergrowth covering and disguising the entrance—was it enough? Or was the entrance conspicuous? I am sure that whoever moved slowly along the forest floor was intent on being thorough in their search.Levi turned his toward me, his eyes meeting mine. This time he didn’t say anything. He just raised his hand and pointed to the far corner of the cave as unspoken command that I should move away from the entrance.I got up and walked carefully in the dim cave, trying to be as quiet as possible. Now would not be the time to kick a stone. Or trip. Or bump my head and cry out.The farther I moved away from the entrance, the more difficult it became to see in front of me. I found my way to the far wall. I looked back at the cave entrance. This wasn’t a bad angle. If someone shot directly into the entrance, it probably wouldn’t hit me. Probably.I couldn’t believe I was even contemplating such a thing. A couple years ago life seemed perfect. I went to school, I had great friends, I had a good family. The New Government didn’t exist. The Elite didn’t exist. The Miasma and the Underground didn’t exist.And now here I was, calculating gun angles to see where I should stand so I wouldn’t get shot. Me, a seventeen-year-old girl with only one thumb because the New Government tortured me for information. Rory O’Shannon, a teenager who should be giggling about boys and enjoying life, but instead I felt hungry and tired and scared as I holed up in a cave to hide from my captors.I shook my head. This was all so crazy, so surreal. But there was nothing I could do about it.I watched as Levi sat absolutely still and absolutely silent in the entrance. He held his gun in his hand, and even from my vantage point I could see that he gripped it very tightly, yet he held it steady.Without a word and without looking back at me, he started crawling backward slowly, never turning his head away from the entrance to the cave. When he got within a few feet away from me, he stood up, looked at me over his shoulder, and backed up against the wall next to me.I hoped we blended into this wall. It certainly was dark enough in the corner. But how dark it stayed and how well we were hidden depended on just how bright the sun shone.“They’re out there.” He leaned in and whispered into my ear. “Two people.”“Are you sure it’s not just an animal?” That was me being hopeful—hopeful that this situation wasn’t really as grave as it seemed.“No. I heard voices.” And then, almost as if he knew the next question I was going to ask, he added, “Voices I didn’t recognize.”I didn’t say anything else. What could I say? We were trapped inside a cave, our backs literally to the wall. It was safer than being out there in plain sight. But should our pursuers discover our hiding spot, we’d have a problem.Suddenly I heard the voices too. They didn’t sound like people speaking English. One of the voices drifted very close to the entrance. There was a pause. And then a shadow filled the entryway.I pulled in a breath and held it. I felt a surge of butterflies and panicked adrenaline in my gut. I hoped we were invisible with our dark clothes in this dark corner. My heart hammered in my chest.My shoulder brushed against Levi’s shoulder, and I could feel him tense up. His arm was up, his gun aimed steadily at the cave’s entrance.Seconds ticked by. At least I think they were seconds, but it felt like minutes as everything seemed to be moving in slow motion. The shadow moved very slowly in the entryway. Then I saw a man’s face looking in. Based on the black and red hat he wore, he looked to be New Government military.He slid his arm into the cave, and I could see the shining barrel of his gun. Levi’s arm tensed again, and he shifted his weight. My heart pounded in my ear and I bit my lip.Suddenly the man pulled his face and arm out of the entryway and started shouting. A voice in the distance answered. The distant voice grew louder and closer. The man in the entryway kept shouting.“They know we’re in here,” Levi hissed. “Get ready.”Get ready? Get ready for what? I had no idea what I was supposed to be doing.Now Levi pushed my arm. “Move away. I’m gonna draw their fire and I don’t want you standing here.” His voice sounded tense, strained.I quickly moved a few steps away and crouched down, trying to make myself as small as I could. Should I just lie on the floor? Should I remain crouched? I had no idea what to do. I had never been in a situation like this. And until you are, you don’t know what it’s like.I bit down on my lip so hard that I tasted the coppery blood in my mouth. Panic clawed at my chest. My hands shook. Tears stung my eyes. I tried to push them back. I needed to see what was coming. I needed to.Oh, god. I couldn’t die here on this cave floor, crouched like a coward. But what choice did I have? I didn’t have a weapon. We were trapped. We were either going to be captured or killed.I heard a quiet groan. It took me a second to realize the groan came from my throat. I slapped my hand over my mouth. No weakness. Not now. I needed to be strong. For me. For Levi. For Diego and the entire rescue group. For my murdered friend Simon. For my sister Dani. For my parents. I reached up and touched the medallion at the base of my throat. Courage.Now two peopled hovered near the entrance, talking just out of sight. They spoke excitedly in clipped tones, in a language I didn’t understand. Then only one man talked—on the phone or on a radio? He’d alert the others. They were bringing in reinforcements.“Ya … ya … ya,” he said repeatedly. That part I could understand. They were forming a plan. They had firepower. They had more men coming. And all we had here in the cave was one gun and one very scared girl.I brushed the back of my hand across my cheek to wipe away the tears. Stop crying. Stop it. This is bigger than you.Off to my left I heard Levi moving. I turned my head to look over at him. He seemed to be crouching with two hands outstretched, holding the gun steady.“I’m going to take them out,” he whispered. I could barely hear him. His voice seemed to bounce off the walls of the cave, yet I could hardly hear anything over the blood rushing in my own head. “Then we have to run.” Right. Run before the reinforcements come.I slid my hands up over my ears to brace for the gun battle. It felt good to cradle my own head in my hands, to comfort myself. I rocked a little back and forth on my heels. My hands shook. My thumb—or the place where my thumb used to be—pounded with pain.I turned back to look at the entrance to the cave. The men walked back and forth, occasionally casting their shadows over the entrance. I released the tight grip on my ears so I could hear them, but especially so I could hear Levi if I needed to.A scratching sound. Then something sliding. Something moving. A grunt. The thought flashed into my mind, they’re going to seal us into this cave. And maybe Levi had the same thought, because he fired his gun the moment a man’s figure reappeared in the entrance.I clapped my hands back over my ears and tightened my crouch, bringing myself into as small a ball as possible. Bang, bang, bang. Levi’s gun fired like crazy.And then suddenly I hear bang zinnnng . . . bang zinnnng . . . bang zinnnng.Oh, god. The men outside were firing back at us. And their bullets ricocheted off the stone walls. Now every bullet they fired into the cave had at least two chances to hit us.Bang zinnnng. A bullet bounced off the wall just above my head and ricocheted off into the darkness. I hit the floor, facedown, my arms over my head.Levi continued shooting, drawing their fire just like he said he would. But for how long? It was one against two. Soon it would be one against many.Another bang zinnng right over my body, except this time I felt the shards of rock crumbling and falling on my head and hands. I cried out in surprise because at first I thought a bullet hit me.Levi yelled something. Was he trying to cover the sound of my voice … trying to hide my location in the cave … trying to draw their fire?Bang zing, bang zing, bang zing … the hail of bullets didn’t stop. Maybe the men outside fired randomly, just hoping they’d hit something sooner or later. And then they did hit something—their bullets found a target.I heard Levi cry out. I lifted my head and squinted in the dim cave. He leaned against the cave wall, holding his left shoulder with his right hand. His left arm hung limply at his side. His gun fell to the cave floor uselessly.Levi rocked forward and fell to his knees, still clutching his shoulder. He reached around, sweeping his hand across the cave floor. The light was dim, but even from my viewpoint I could see the gun. Why couldn’t he see it?More bullets whizzed around the cave. Levi cried out again. Did he get hit again? I stared at him, trying to figure out what was going on. He rocked back and forth on his knees, his head thrown back, looking up, but it didn’t look like his eyes were open. He seemed to be gritting his teeth, grimacing, his lips drawn back in a tight line.I turned toward him and pulled myself along the floor using my elbows. He was only about fifteen or twenty feet away from me, but it seemed like I couldn’t get there quick enough.The barrage of bullets intensified. Our pursuers clearly knew the gunfire from inside the cave had stopped. Bullets whizzed over my head. To my left. To my right. One kicked dirt up about two feet in front of my head. I kept crawling, keeping my eye on Levi.Right as I reached Levi, he half-cried, half-groaned, making an “ahhhhh” sound. I reached up and tugged at his right elbow, but he didn’t even look at me. It’s like I wasn’t there. He couldn’t see me. I didn’t exist.I pulled harder on his elbow. He let his hand drop from his left shoulder. A bloody hand brushed against my face. Wet. Slippery. He gripped at my head. I still don’t think he knew who I was. I don’t even think he knew he was grabbing at my face and head.His head dropped down to look at me. A spark of recognition flashed into his eyes. His grip on my head loosened. “Finish it,” he said. “Finish it.”Then he fell forward, not even bothering to break his fall with his hands. His body landed hard on the cave floor. He started moaning.I looked at him. What could I do? Oh, god, it was Simon all over again. I saw the same look in Simon’s eyes right before he died.A bullet whizzed over my head again and hit the wall just above me. Something sharp stung at my face and I cried out. Rock shard? Bullet fragment? Didn’t matter. It hurt. But I could still fight.I felt my anger surging. The adrenaline coursed through me. Damn the New Government. Damn the Elite. Damn them all for capturing my father, for bullying my sister Dani, for killing my best friend Simon, for sending me to a labor camp and for torturing me.I picked up Levi’s gun. I pulled myself up into a crouch, steadied the heavy gun with two hands, and aimed at the cave entrance. Then I squeezed the trigger to fire the gun.The gun kicked back in my hands, jarring my arms, and then slipped from my grip to land on the cave floor. I had never shot a gun before. I had never even handled a gun before. And while I had read in books about things like “recoil,” I never knew until this moment what that really meant.I reached down quickly and picked up the gun. This time I was ready. This time I wouldn’t drop it. And even though my arm still ached from the last jarring shot, I started firing again. And again. And again.My aim wasn’t good. But at least I could slow the hail of bullets coming into the cave until I ran out of ammo. I had no idea how many bullets remained in the clip. Did Levi have more?I dropped down next to him. He moaned, his face down in the dirt. I could see a pool of blood forming by his shoulder. I started patting his body with my left hand, trying to find more ammo. A magazine. Loose bullets. Something.I found a knife in his belt, which I pulled out and slipped into the waistband at the back of my pants. I paused my search and shot off a couple more rounds at the entrance, just to let the men outside know that we were still fighting in here. Then I resumed patting Levi, feeling in his pockets and at his belt. In his back pocket I found another magazine. Success.I had watched Levi pull the magazine out and slip it back in earlier, but I hadn’t really paid attention. I wouldn’t have much time to do it, so I was going to have to do it right the first time.I dropped to my stomach alongside Levi and rested my outstretched hands on the floor. My arms felt weak and tired from holding up the gun. At least in this position I didn’t have to hold up the weight of the gun, but my aim would be low. Maybe I’d hit the men’s feet. That sounded like a waste of bullets to me.I fired off a couple rounds. Way too low. No good.I pulled myself up, sat on my butt and scooted back against the wall. I put my feet flat on the cave floor and bent my knees in front of me. Then I rested my elbows on my knees and took aim again. Better. Steady. Not so heavy.I planned to be cautious now. No more random firing just to cover myself. I needed to conserve the bullets. I had to make each one of them count.I saw a barrel start coming into the cave entrance. I waited. Fire flashes struck out from the end of the barrel as the soldier’s gun started firing. I wanted to hit the floor again. I wanted to start squeezing my own trigger as quickly as I could. But I waited.Deep breath.More of the barrel appeared. The gun fired again and again. I kept waiting. Bullets ricocheted off of every wall. I felt the sting of something small piercing my flesh: on my hands, on my face, on my head. I bit down on my lip. I wasn’t hit. It was just shrapnel, just fragments or rock. Keep steady.The person in the entryway grew bold. He moved in far enough that I was able to glimpse his hand. He kept firing. Now I could see his arm. The bullets kept coming from his gun, deafening me. My arms started to shake.I focused on what I needed to do to survive this. Steady, steady now. Just a little more. Come on. Come on.Then I saw his chest and head in the entryway, appearing just for a moment. He was crouched down and crawling into the cave, looking around, and then pulling back to safety.I jumped, the adrenaline in my body pushing me to pull the trigger, but my mind telling me to wait. The head disappeared, but his gun kept firing. Then there it was again—the head—he’s looking in.Bang. Bang. Bang. I squeezed the trigger as quickly as I could, aiming right for his head. Something hit. I didn’t hear it over the ringing out of our dueling guns, but I saw a splatter. His gun dropped from his hand and he fell forward, his head and outstretched arms partway inside our cave.He was gone, with his brains and skull torn away on one side of his head. Dead. I got up and raced along the perimeter of the cave, heading for the entryway. Just as I reached him, he started sliding backward, out of the cave. His fellow soldier was pulling him out.I dove for the dead man’s gun and snatched it away from the entryway just as his head slid out the cave. With a gun in each hand I fell to the floor, right in front of the entrance to the cave. Bang, bang, bang. I unloaded both guns right into the heart of the man who dragged his dead friend out of the cave.Surprise crossed his face. He dropped the soldier’s legs and fumbled at his holster. I kept shooting. Red spots appeared on his chest and arms. Levi’s gun emptied. I kept shooting the dead soldier’s gun … bang, bang, bang … until the other soldier crumpled to the ground. I shot again. Click, click. Both guns were empty.I was still lying on the cave floor, both my arms outstretched, holding the guns. Holding empty guns, pointed at two soldiers who now lay dead just a few feet away from me.Now I could hear my breathing: loud and ragged and fast, as if I had been sprinting for miles. My chest heaved up and down, up and down. I pulled in a long, slow breath to steady my nerves. The roar of blood rushing in my head slowed and quieted. I dropped the guns and started shaking, sobbing. But no sound came. Just quiet tears that bubbled up and spilled over uncontrollably.Then the cave fell silent. Complete, dead silence … until the mourning doves started calling again.Chapter 11Levi moaned a little, a sign that he was still alive. I had almost been afraid to check because the cave was so silent after I had shot the soldiers. But he was alive.I wasn’t sure what to do for him, so I rolled him over to get his face out of the dirt. I ripped at the fabric around his shoulder to get a better look at the wound. That is when I noticed that the wound was actually on his chest, above his heart, but very close to his side. Obviously it hadn’t hit the heart. I didn’t know enough about anatomy to know what else it may have hit. His lung? Hard to tell.My stomach felt queasy as I looked at Levi’s wound. I wasn’t used to seeing wounds and blood. Every time Levi moaned, my stomach churned a little. The left side of my body ached, like sympathy pains. My shoulder felt stiff. Pain radiated from my chest every time I looked at Levi’s wound.I took the ripped material from my pants, molded it into a tight ball, and then packed the bullet hole with it. Then I ripped both of my pant legs from the knee down. I used this fabric to create a longer bandage of sorts, which I wrapped around the wound on the left side of his body and secured it around the right side of his neck. It wasn’t perfect, but it would hold fabric ball in place to help stem the bleeding.Somewhere in the back of my mind it gnawed at me that I had just stuffed a dirty piece of fabric into his wound. Of course I should wash the wound. I should remove the bullet. I should cleanse it with antiseptic. Maybe it even needed to be stitched. But the only thing I could do here in this dirty cave was stop the bleeding.That was all I could do at the moment. Because right now, I had something even more pressing on my mind. Two dead soldiers lay right outside this cave—and these soldiers had called for backup. More people were coming. If those reinforcements were anywhere close, they’d heard the gun fight and knew exactly where to find us.They couldn’t find us. If they found us, Levi would die for sure. And me. I had to get rid of the soldiers. I had to clean up the mess outside the entrance to our cave. I had to hide our hideaway.I stood up from Levi’s side and walked to the cave’s entrance. The soldier who had fallen near the entryway lay facedown. The other soldier lay on his back, looking up at the blue skies.I considered my options. But there was only one choice—I was going to have to drag them both into the cave with us. I didn’t have time to hide them anywhere else. I didn’t have time to bury them. I didn’t even know if I had time to bring them into the cave and hide the blood they’d spilled in the entryway, but I was going to have to try.I grabbed the first man by the arms and started pulling him into the cave. He felt warm yet, like he was still alive. I became winded as I struggled to bring him inside. However, part of my struggle was with my mind, as I fought against what I was doing: dragging a dead man. This couldn’t be happening. My stomach roiled at the thought.I pulled the first man in far enough that he wouldn’t block the entrance. I dragged him off to the side, so he wouldn’t be in the direct line of sight of anyone who peered into the cave entrance.Fortunately, the second man weighed less. I hooked my arms around his calves and dragged him in. While the physical work was easier, I struggled mentally with the task. The soldier’s eyes were open and glazed over, the life gone out of them. His face still looked a little surprised.I pulled my eyes off his face and stared at my hands instead to try to tamp down the churning in my gut. Looking into the face of any dead man is hard, but knowing I killed these two men made it even harder. I did this. I killed them. I ended their lives.For a brief moment I felt pity for them, maybe even sympathy. What if they were victims of the New Government, just like me? What if they had been forced to work for the New Government against their will? Except instead of going into the fields like I did, maybe they were forced to work in the military?I shook my head to dispel the thought. It was silly, because no one would arm involuntary slaves or prisoners. No, these soldiers died today because they volunteered to serve. They wanted to serve. They supported the New Government and all that it stood for.Those thoughts eased my guilt. I didn’t have to feel bad about killing these people. They were trying to kill me because they wanted to, not because they had to.I dragged the second man next to the first and dropped his legs. Then I rolled him over facedown so that I wouldn’t have to look into his lifeless, soulless eyes anymore.Now to clean up the mess outside. A shovel would have come in handy to scoop up the blood-soaked earth, but of course I didn’t have a shovel. And it would be obvious if there was a lot of dirt dug up or obviously moved around. So the only thing I could think to do was to hide the blood-spattered dirt.I paused for a minute or two and listened to the sounds of the forest. I couldn’t hear anything—no footsteps or voices—so I took the risk of walking away from the entrance. I didn’t want to gather any leaves or brush near the entrance. I didn’t want anything nearby to look disturbed.A few minutes later I came back to the cave with an arm full of leaves. I placed them over the bloodiest spots. I rolled rocks to disguise other blood-soaked areas. For the smallest spots, the splatters, I just pushed a little dirt over the spots to hide them.I stepped back to survey my work. It would be okay, especially if anyone walking by didn’t know about the cave entrance. But I knew I had done an amateur job, and any professional tracker—or even just a really persistent and determined soldier—would be able to spot my cover-up job. Still, it was less obvious than the blood pools and splatters that had speckled the landscape just a few minutes ago.I crawled back into the cave. The next thing I needed to do was dig through these men’s pockets. I already had their guns. But I needed more ammo. And I needed whatever else they were carrying.I frisked them and dug through their warm pockets, trying to work fast to get this unpleasant task completed quickly. I could taste the bile rising up in my throat again, and I had to focus. It could have been me. I could be the one dead on the cave floor.After searching both men, I had five magazines full of ammo, a pocket knife, a flashlight, a radio, two pairs of night-vision goggles, maps, and some food and water. This gear would serve me well while Levi and I waited for help.I walked to the back of the cave to check on Levi. His breaths came slow, and each exhale carried a soft moan. I knelt down next to him and stroked his dark hair, brushing it away from his eyes and off his face. His eyes fluttered open. He looked straight up at the cave’s ceiling.“Levi,” I said softly.He pulled in a sharp breath. That seemed like a good sign. His lung must be okay. I wasn’t a doctor; I had no medical training, but it seemed to me that if he had been shot through the lung, he wouldn’t be able to draw in such a big breath.“Levi,” I repeated as I stroked his bloodied, dirty face.His eyes fluttered again. Then, softly, with great effort, “Rory.”“Yes. Yes, it’s me, Rory.”“You made it,” he said. Long pause. “What happened?”“You’ve been shot. The two soldiers are dead.” My voice caught. I couldn’t say any more. The reality of it all was still sinking in. And saying it out loud just made it even more real. My hand started to tremble as I stroked Levi’s cheek.Levi closed his eyes. “Good,” he whispered.“Can you drink something?” I asked.“Yes.”I took the leather pouch from his belt and dribbled the water into his mouth. He swallowed with difficulty. Some of it just ran down his chin. “Thank you,” he said. He paused again, and added, “I feel better when you’re near me.”“I’ll stay right here,” I replied. And what he’d said was true—Levi’s condition seemed to improve just in the couple of minutes since I started stroking his face. His breaths leveled out. His face relaxed.What I really wanted to do was wash his face and his wound, but I couldn’t. I needed to conserve our water. I had four canteens, one from each of the people inside the cave. The soldiers’ canteens were larger than ours. That was good. I couldn’t risk leaving to get water. Not today, anyway.“More water?” I asked.Levi didn’t say anything. His deep breaths told me he had fallen asleep or slipped into unconsciousness again. That was just as well. At least he wasn’t as aware of the pain he must be feeling.I scooted back a couple feet and leaned against the wall. Now that the adrenaline rush had stopped, I felt extremely exhausted. We had run through most of last night, and I had only slept an hour. And how long had it been since I woke up? Three or four hours? I couldn’t tell. Everything had been moving so fast. And yet everything had been moving so slowly.
I reached for my food pouch. It felt unsettling to eat here in the cave with two dead men, especially after all that had happened. My stomach still felt a little queasy. But I knew I had to put food in my belly. My body was starving—it had been for weeks—so food trumped even these sickening conditions.The pouch contained more sugar cubes, some bread, and some rice. I wasn’t sure how much to ration. I still had my own rice in my pocket, but I decided to eat this food first and leave the other dirty rice for later. But how much to eat? How long would we remain in this cave?I took one sugar cube, a tiny bit of rice, and just the tiniest bit of bread. I hadn’t eaten plain bread in some time, and it instantly made me hungry for more. I could have eaten everything in front of me and probably still felt hungry, but I had to call up my willpower and resist. We’d need this food for later.Levi needed to eat too. I couldn’t quite see him eating rice and bread though. I couldn’t even imagine that he’d suck on a sugar cube. So I crushed one of the cubes and added it to his water pouch. If I could dribble more water into his mouth, at least this time it would have a few calories in it.I scooted back over to Levi and placed the palm of my hand on his forehead. “Levi. Levi.” I waited.His eyes fluttered again. “Rory.”“Drink this.” I lifted his head with one hand and touched the water pouch to his lips. He parted his lips and accepted a few small sips before he seemed to slip out consciousness again.I scooted back up against the wall. I looked to my side to make sure I could reach the guns on the cave floor. At this point there wasn’t much else I could do … except wait.***Voices. I heard voices.I opened my eyes. I must have been sleeping sitting up with my back to the wall, head slumped forward. I lifted my head. The light in the entrance to the cave looked different. The sun didn’t stream in directly anymore, so it had to be late morning or even afternoon. Hard to tell. But I figured I had slept a few hours.I looked over at Levi. He was still in the same position. His chest moved up and down. I wished there was more I could do for him.Something in me wanted to rip the fabric away from his wound, massage the bullet hole, and suck the wound to pull out the bullet. I shook the nauseating thought from my head. That’s what people do for snakebites, not bullet wounds. Maybe I was starting to go a little crazy just sitting here in this cave with one dying man and two dead soldiers.I heard something outside the cave again. Footsteps. Close. I reached for one of the guns and balanced it on my knee.Not again. A feeling of déjà vu swept over me. I had been in this exact position just a few short hours ago—feeling trapped, scared, and essentially alone. I took a few deep breaths, trying to focus on calming down before my heart beat any faster or before my hands started shaking.I heard the voices again. Strained, loud whispers. “Something happened here. Look,” a male said. At least it sounded like a male, but it was hard to tell since they were whispering.My heart thumped. They must have found my cover-up job already. That had to be what they were talking about.I saw a figure moving toward the cave entrance. “Blood,” a voice said. It sounded like another male whispering loudly.I could just see the edge of the figure. A hand. A boot. Sometimes an arm. The figure seemed to crouch. And then I heard leaves rustling. They were sweeping away the leaves I had used to hide bloodbath.“Lots of blood there, Diego,” the other male whispered.Diego? Did he say Diego? I shifted and leaned over, trying to get a better view of the people outside. Could it really be my rescuers?“I’m almost afraid to look in there.” The first male voice again. He sounded like Diego, with the same voice that whispered to me in the fields all those weeks back.“Diego!” I cried out as I scrambled to my feet. I hoped I wasn’t making a mistake.“Rory? Rory?” The figure moved into the cave entrance.Relief washed over me once I confirmed that Diego was the one crawling into the entrance. I crossed the cave quickly and made it to him just as he stood up. I fell into his arms almost instinctively and rested my head against his chest.“It’s okay, it’s okay,” he said as he stroked my hair.“I … Levi’s hurt, and …” I couldn’t say it. The words felt stuck in my throat like a piece of dry toast. And suddenly I felt very weak. But it was okay now because Diego wrapped me in his arms.“Oh, god,” Ethan said as he stepped into the cave too. I pulled my head from Diego’s chest. Ethan’s blue eyes widened as he looked from me to Levi to the dead men near the entrance. He looked like an angel with his white-blond hair in contrast to this dim and dirty cave.I looked over my shoulder at Levi. “He’s been shot in the chest.” I barely finished saying the words before the look of surprise disappeared from Ethan’s face. He narrowed his eyes, pursed his lips, and took long strides to get to Levi’s side.I turned my head to look up at Diego. He put his hands on my shoulders, took a step back, and scanned my face. “Are you okay?”“I’m fine,” I replied, nodding. But I realized I probably looked pretty bad. From shrapnel hitting me to Levi grabbing at my face with his bloodied hand, I’m sure I looked awful. “They’re just flesh wounds.”Diego took my chin in his hand and tipped my head. “Are you sure? That’s a lot of blood.”“It’s not all mine.” I looked over my shoulder at Levi.Diego nodded. He understood that I really didn’t want to talk about it. “It’s okay,” he said again as he let go of my chin and gathered me back into his arms.I laid my head back onto Diego’s chest. I felt safe in his strong arms, which is something I hadn’t felt in a long time. Truth was, we really weren’t safe. I knew there were other men looking for us. Levi needed medical attention. We were probably stuck in this cave. But at this moment I felt safe. So just for a moment, I closed my eyes, blocked out reality, and focused on the sound of Diego’s heartbeat drumming soothingly in my ear.Chapter 12I woke up with a jolt and my eyes snapped open. I sucked in a breath and held it. Then I remembered where I was—still in a cave with Levi, Diego, Ethan, and two dead soldiers. Still safe.I sat up and looked around. Levi slept about ten feet away from me. Ethan laid next to him. Diego sat at the entrance to the cave, keeping watch. It looked like there were maybe a few hours of daylight left.I got up slowly and stretched the stiffness out of my tired muscles. Last night’s running had certainly taken its toll. I walked over and sat next to Diego to peer out the cave. It looked like someone had done a little more clean-up work. The entrance to the cave looked a whole lot more natural, and the bloody messes were well hidden.Diego looked over at me and smiled. “Sleep well?”I noticed the dark circles under his eyes. “As well as you can in a cave,” I replied. “Have you seen anyone else?”Diego shook his head and returned his gaze to outside the cave. “I haven’t seen anyone, but a couple hours ago I heard something—distant yelling. Could hardly hear it.” He set his jaw and continued scanning the landscape.“It worries me,” I said quietly. And it did. I’m sure the men I killed had called for backup on their radios. And even if they hadn’t, someone would be looking for us … and for their fallen comrades.“I know,” Diego agreed. “But this forest is huge. They could search a reasonable radius for days and not find us.”“How did you find us?” I asked.“It was part of the plan. The Underground scouts located and marked dozens of hiding spots on the maps. We knew it wasn’t going to be easy to rescue you.”“What’s the plan now?” I looked back over my shoulder at Levi. Obviously we couldn’t run with an injured man.“You and I are going to leave at nightfall. Ethan stays with Levi.”I nodded and stared out the cave. It made sense. If we all sat here, then we were all sitting ducks if those other men ever found us. We didn’t have enough food to just sit here for days, waiting for help that may nor may not come. Even if the Underground sent more rescuers out when we didn’t meet at the rendezvous point, they wouldn’t know where we were holed up. They’d have to search dozens of hideouts.I felt a twinge of guilt. Everyone in the search party was in danger because of me. Levi lay wounded because of me.I reached out to touch Diego’s arm. He turned his head to look at me. “Why are you all risking your lives for me?” I had asked Levi this same question before, but he said I would find out when we got back. I felt curious and impatient.Diego pursed his lips slightly as he looked deeply into my eyes. It was almost as if he was weighing what to tell me or how much to tell me. “You’re special, Rory.”“That’s what Levi and Simon said,” I replied. “But I don’t understand …” I trailed off, leaving my confusion hanging in the air between us.“Right now we have to focus on getting you back to the Underground headquarters. We need to make sure you’re safe. That’s what’s important.” Diego broke eye contact and turned his head to look outside again.I felt frustrated. I thought these people were on my side, yet I felt like a child. “Why can’t you just tell me now?” Maybe I did sound a bit like a child, sitting here begging him to tell me a secret.“Because finding out who you are will change your life. And right now I need you to focus on getting out this forest. Okay?” He was looking at me hard again. “I’m sorry,” he added softly as he touched my arm.I let out a loud sigh and turned my head to look back out the cave’s entrance. He wasn’t going to tell me either. No use pushing him. In a way, this worried me too. Why did they think whatever they were going to tell me would take my focus off our escape? After all that had happened, and they still didn’t quite trust me. That made me feel a little upset.I pushed it out of my mind. I had to think about something else. I felt silly, selfish, and maybe a little childish getting upset at the people who risked their lives to save me. I needed to stop worrying about why they were doing it and just be grateful that they were doing it at all.***              Night fell. Diego and I made a last check of our supplies before we headed back out into the forest. We packed guns, ammo, food, water, maps, and the night-vision goggles. If all went well, we’d be at the rendezvous point later tonight.I slipped on my night-vision goggles. Everything took on a weird, greenish hue. It would take some getting used to. But it was a huge improvement over not being able to see anything at all.“We’ll send help back as soon as we get there,” Diego said to Ethan. Diego seemed a little reluctant to leave Ethan and Levi. I felt the same way. But we both knew that the best chance for all of us to survive was for me and Diego to find the rendezvous point and get help.Diego walked over to join me at the entrance to the cave. He wore his night-vision goggles too. “Once we get out there, no talking unless it’s an emergency. Step where I step. No lights.” He had told me all of this before. “You ready?”“Definitely.” I tried to sound confident so that Ethan wouldn’t worry about us. I glanced back at him and tried to give him a reassuring smile.“Okay, let’s go,” Diego said as he dropped to his hands and knees and crawled outside the cave.It was another moonless night of course, which is exactly why the Underground had planned for us to escape under the cover of darkness. Tonight seemed even darker than last night because partial clouds hid some of the stars. But it didn’t matter, because my goggles worked wonders. We could move quickly now, much more quickly than last night, because we could see everything clearly as we ran.Still, I needed to focus to keep my balance as shrubs and fallen limbs tugged at my boots and almost caused me to fall. Diego did a good job of moving across the forest floor without making too much noise. His boots rustled as he moved through the dead leaves and undergrowth, but he didn’t step on branches or twigs like I did.I tried to step where he stepped, but that meant I had to keep my eyes on the ground. And when I kept my eyes on the ground, I missed the low-hanging branches that scraped and clawed at my face. My face felt hot and raw to the touch from last night’s branch scrapes as well as the shrapnel that hit me in the face during this morning’s gun battle.I raised my arms to shield my face from the branches so that I could keep my eyes on Diego’s footsteps. And then I focused on running as quickly as possible.***Diego stopped so abruptly in front of me that I ran into him. He turned around, put his hand on my head and pushed down. I immediately crouched and hid behind a tree with him, though I didn’t know why we were hiding.I turned to look at him, and he put a finger to his lips, just a reminder to stay quiet. I nodded and turned my head back to look in the same direction he was looking.We were very close to a river. This was welcoming news, because our water pouches were about empty. But Diego must have seen something by the river.After a few minutes of us sitting quietly, he turned to me and put his lips to my ear to say something.  My stomach fluttered a little. What an unusual reaction for me. Foreign, really. But I didn’t have time to analyze it right now.Diego whispered to me, so quiet that I could barely hear him even though his lips softly brushed against my ear. “They’d expect us to go to the river eventually,” Diego said slowly. “They may not be sitting at this location on the river, but we need to observe quietly to see if anyone is about.”That made sense. The forest was enormous and, based on the map, there were only a few places to get water. This river was one of those places. So even if the soldiers didn’t know what direction we were traveling, they knew we’d need water. It would make sense for them to watch the river.My stomach twisted in knots. I realized it had been about twenty-four hours since we escaped out of the prison. The soldiers on ATVs knew we were in the forest. Had they called for backups? How many people were searching for us? Did they send out a small group … or had the New Government sent out an army?Now I started wondering if the New Government knew who I was. Did they know whatever it was that Levi, Diego, and the Underground knew? And if so, was I important enough to pursue all through this forest? Or did the New Government figure we were just a couple runaway kids, and it wasn’t worth their time or effort to keep chasing us?I didn’t know. I wished I knew more. I wished I knew what we were really up against.“Give me your water pouch,” Diego whispered into my ear.I pulled my head back from his and looked at him. My eyebrow cocked up and I tilted my head to the side. He knew the pouch was empty. Did he plan to refill it himself?He pulled me closer to him so he could whisper into my ear again. “I’m going to get water. You need to stay here. If anything happens, run. Don’t shoot, just run.” He released my shoulder and started moving through the undergrowth in a half-crouched position.When he cleared the trees, he dropped even lower—onto his stomach—and moved through the long grass that lay between the trees and the river bank. I figure he had about fifteen or twenty feet of grass to slither through. No trees there, no cover, just long grass.Even though I knew where to look, I could barely detect the grass moving because he crawled slowly. Good plan. If anyone did see the grass move, they’d think it was an animal. I hoped. But that’s what it looked like from my vantage point here on the ground. Of course, a smart soldier would take up post in the trees, where it was easier to see everything.I looked up and scanned the trees. If anyone was up there, now would be the time for me to see them. They’d be moving, shifting for a better view of Diego, maybe even signaling others or taking aim with a gun. I looked across the river at those trees, then brought my focus back to the trees in front of me. The only thing I saw—and the only thing I heard—was an owl hooting quietly.Diego made it to the river. Or at least that’s what it looked like, based on the grass that moved silently right on the river bank. I supposed that if anyone watched him from the other side of the river, they’d have almost a clear view of him as he refilled our pouches.It didn’t take Diego long to fill the pouches. Moments later I noticed the grass moving again. Except this time Diego didn’t move toward me. He traveled in a different direction. Smart. If anyone was watching him, he wouldn’t lead them right back to me.At some point I couldn’t see him anymore, as he was too far off to my left and the trees obstructed my view. So I just kept scanning the trees, scanning the river bank, scanning the grass. All quiet. Maybe the soldiers weren’t out there.In a few minutes Diego reached me and crouched back down beside me. He handed the wet leather pouch back to me, then leaned in close to whisper, “We need to get moving.”***We took a break a few hours later to rest our tired muscles and eat rice. I heard some sort of noise behind us, back from the direction we had come from. I chewed the rancid rice that was still in my mouth, swallowed, and pushed the food pouch into my pants pocket. I grabbed my gun and sat as quietly as I could.Diego must have heard it too. He turned his head to look behind us.I couldn’t pinpoint the source of the noise. I just knew it wasn’t right. The noise seemed of place in the forest. We’d spent several hours running through these trees, so I knew the sounds of the forest. This sound didn’t come from an animal. It sounded a bit like a muffled sneeze. Hard to tell.Diego leaned toward me and put his hand over my hand, the one that held the gun. “Only use this if absolutely necessary,” he whispered. “Preferably only if they shoot first. Because if we shoot, everyone in a two-mile radius is going to know exactly where we are.”I nodded in agreement. Made perfect sense. I reached back to make sure my knife still sat securely in the waistband of my pants.Then we heard it again—another muffled sneeze-like sound. Except this time we heard someone go “shhh,” right after. There were at least two people. Behind us. Maybe they tracked us. Certainly they knew we were close since they were trying to be quiet.Diego pointed off to the side and made a circle with his finger. I knew what he meant. We needed to circle around very quietly and get to the side of these people or maybe behind them. We needed to surprise them, rather than having them surprise us.We moved slowly, very slowly, in order to keep as quiet as possible. We couldn’t give away our position. A part of me just wanted to stand up and start running. But I knew that was a suicide move. Diego was right to keep us quiet, even though moving through the forest this slowly, in this crouched position, felt agonizingly slow.After a few minutes Diego stopped and pulled my head to his to whisper in my ear. “You keep moving in this direction,” he said as he pointed with one hand. “See if you can find a thick brush to hide in. I’m going to start circling to see if I can find them.”I didn’t ask questions. We had no time to debate his plan. Instead, I crawled forward, only turning my head once to glance over my shoulder. I didn’t see or hear him. He reminded me of a natural-born predator, moving quietly and quickly through the forest like a cat.Moments later I discovered a very thick clump of brush that made a good hiding place. I climbed into the brush quietly and slowly. And then I waited.Minutes ticked by. I didn’t hear anything at all. I couldn’t decide if that was a good sign or a bad sign. Had Diego even found them yet? Or had they surprised him?My breathing seemed incredibly loud here in the brush. I had to calm down and not let my nerves get the best of me. I had to remember that I had survived this long—and I would survive whatever was coming.Then I heard it—a muffled groan, very quick, followed by someone’s quick cry of surprise. Then another muffled groan. Then silence.My heart pounded. All I knew was that they had found each other. And all I could do now was wait to learn what happened.My mind raced. What if they had gotten to Diego first? Should I stay in the brush? Should I run? I knew they’d be searching around looking for me. Surely they would know that Diego wouldn’t be running through these woods by himself.The sound of twigs snapping jolted me out of my thoughts. Someone was coming my way … fast.I pulled my knife out of my waistband and held the wooden handle so tightly my hand felt like it was going to cramp up. I stared off into the woods in the direction of the sound. I held my breath.Suddenly Diego appeared. I let out my breath and loosened the grip on my knife. Then I scrambled out of the brush to greet him. He stopped for moment in front of me and lifted a bloody hand to point behind me. “Go. We gotta go.”I grabbed his wrist and brought it closer to me. “Are you okay?” My whisper came out strained.“I’m fine,” he whispered back as he pulled his wrist away from my hand. “We gotta run.”He didn’t have to say anything else. He broke into a run, and I was right on his heels. Twigs snapped. Dead leaves rustled. Tearing sounds rippled and echoed through the night as branches tore at our clothes. We kept running, and I just hoped that those who were close enough to hear us were already wounded if not dead.Chapter 13A few hours later Diego and I crouched down behind a tree. “That’s it,” Diego whispered to me as he pointed toward the edge of the woods. “That’s the meeting point.”It looked like good meeting point. Not obvious. I marveled at how Diego even found this place, as he only looked at the map a few times during the night. Now we were to sit here and wait for our rescuers to appear.“How long until they get here?” I whispered.“They’re already here,” he replied. “They’re just waiting, like us, to make sure no one else is here.”I scanned the entire area, looking for anything unusual, like movement, something out of place, anything to suggest we weren’t alone. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw Diego holding up his knife with its bloody blade.I looked back out in front of us in the same direction as he was looking. Then I saw something moving slowly about a hundred feet away. A slight figure moved between the trees. The person didn’t look like a soldier. This had to be part of our rescue party.Still, Diego didn’t move. He must have been waiting for some official sign. I looked back at the mysterious figure. I couldn’t even see a face because of a hood. The figure paused at a tree and crouched down. Then I heard a sound, like an owl hooting.“That’s it,” Diego whispered. “That’s one of ours.” I started to stand up, but Diego grabbed my forearm. “Not yet.”Another owl hooted to the right, then one to the left. I looked back and forth. No one else showed themselves, but I knew these weren’t owls. These sounds came from people: our rescue party.“HOOooooOOOooo,” Diego called out with his own owl imitation.The figure under the tree stood up, looked around, and walked toward us. Diego stood up, and I followed suit. When the figure drew near she dropped her hood.It was Dani. My sister.***I sat behind Dani on a saddle as we rode on a big black horse, making our way back to the Underground headquarters along with half a dozen other members of our rescue party. We traveled down a trail right inside the edge of the forest. Not exactly hidden, but not in the open either. We only had a couple hours of darkness left, so we galloped quickly.I felt like I was in some kind of weird dream. It was so real, with the smell of wet leather and dirt kicked up by the horses and the pounding of the galloping hooves. And Dani was most definitely real, as I had my arms wrapped tightly around her.But this was my little sister. Here I had spent all of this time protecting her—or at least that’s what I thought I was doing—and now she had rescued me. How did she even know about the Underground? Were Red and Gravel Voice right? Was she making plans with Simon all those times I caught them alone?This was so odd. So confusing. I didn’t know what to make of it. I wanted to ask her a bunch of questions, but I’d have to yell pretty loud to make myself heard over the pounding hooves. I felt too tired to yell—I barely had enough strength to hang on. And I didn’t think it was a good idea to draw even more attention to us by yelling out into the night. So I just hung on and tried to still my racing thoughts.***              A couple hours later we arrived at the Underground headquarters. Dani told me that we were only a few miles outside the City. She said there were dozens of entrances into the Underground, mainly through natural caves and tunnels that ran for miles underneath and around the City.I looked around. This particular entrance seemed well hidden in the woods. Climbing ivy and other vegetation crawled up the outside wall of the cave’s opening. Some sort of man-made vegetation curtain hung over the opening itself to camouflage the cave.The Underground members protected it well, too. As our horses rode up, dozens of armed members appeared from behind the trees. A few stood in the entrance to the cave, apparently awaiting our arrival.I slid off the horse gratefully, as my backside hurt from the rough ride and my arms ached from holding tightly to Dani. The horses snorted and breathed loudly. I gave a “thank you” pat on the glistening backside of the black horse that had carried me to safety.Some of the rescue party moved ahead of me and pulled back the vegetation curtain. Dani gestured with her hand in front of me, signaling for me to go first. We walked silently through the cave’s entrance and about fifty feet down a hallway. Torches hanging from the walls lit our way. Our footsteps echoed on the rock walls. The damp and dirty smell reminded me of my prison cell.At the end of the tunnel we came to what looked like a dead end, but it turned out to be a heavy door disguised as a rock wall. I walked through the doorway and everything changed. Modern lighting filled the hallway. Beautiful white tiles lined the floor. Someone had decorated the baby-blue walls with landscape artwork.I looked around and marveled at the Underground headquarters. This looked nothing like I expected. Suddenly I realized that these people were quite capable of planning a successful revolution against the New Government.***The food tasted wonderful. I ate ground beef mixed with potatoes and carrots. A simple enough meal, but to me it felt like a feast. It was a warm meal, which was something I hadn’t had in months. And I was able to eat as much as I wanted, though I paced myself carefully so as not to get sick.Dani and Diego sat across the table from me, and several of our rescuers sat around me. Diego looked so different—he had shaven off the beard, leaving just a dark mustache. Now I could see dimples every time he smiled at me. He looked re-energized, rested, and clean. And very handsome.I felt re-energized too. I ate, bathed, put a clean dressing on my thumb, and then napped when we first arrived. They said I slept for ten hours. That didn’t surprise me. I still felt tired, like I could sleep for ten hours more.“Have you heard anything about Ethan and Levi?” I asked my rescuers.“Not yet. But we sent out a rescue party right away. They’ll be okay,” one of the men at the table assured me.“And my father?” I hadn’t seen my father yet. They told me he was out on a mission, and that he would be back in a day or two.“Tomorrow. Perhaps the next,” Dani said. “He’s very excited to see you.” She smiled.Dani looked so different to me. It had been a few months since I had last seen her, and somehow she looked older. Hardened. I worried that perhaps she had seen a few unforgettable things over the last few months too. I felt a twinge of sympathy for her. I still wished I could protect her, even though it now seemed that our roles had switched, that she was protecting me.“How long have you been here?” I asked Dani.She pushed her potatoes around on her plate. “Since the day you disappeared.”We both fell silent for a few minutes. On the day I disappeared, Dani had run back home to get our mother, but Sarah wasn’t there. A kitchen chair had been overturned, a drinking glass broken. Dani knew the New Government had taken her. My mother was gone. But no one had been able to locate her yet.My stomach tied itself into knots just thinking about it. I hoped she was still alive. And I really hoped the New Government didn’t starve or torture her. My mother never struck me as a particularly strong woman anyway—she was short like me, but she definitely didn’t have my endurance or physical strength. I didn’t think she could even complete her own rescue, especially if it was anything like what I had just endured the last couple nights.“Would you like more?” One of my rescuers stood by my shoulder with a pot and ladle, ready to refill my plate.“No thank you. Not right now.” I pushed my plate away so that I wouldn’t be tempted to overeat. If I did, I would certainly pay for that later.“Now let’s talk,” Diego said. I looked up at him, then over to Dani. They both looked serious.“About me?” I asked as I fingered the clean, white bandage that covered my left hand.Diego leaned forward. “About you. About who you are and why we did what we did.”I felt my heart thump a little faster in my chest. I’d been trying to get answers, first from Levi and then Diego for days. And now that they were finally going to tell me, I felt nervous. I didn’t know if this was something I wanted to know or not.“Rory,” Diego reached out and touched the top of my hand with his. I flinched a little, but I didn’t snatch it away. His warmth felt good, comforting.  He nodded at Dani.“I’m not your sister. Not exactly,” Dani said.I felt my brows furrow. “I don’t understand.”“Because of who you are,” Dani continued. “You were placed to live with Sarah and Edward. They’re not your biological parents. I’m not your blood sister.”“But who—” I interrupted.Dani spoke softly. “Your biological family died sixteen years ago when you were just a baby. They were killed, your house torched. You were the only one in the family who survived the fire.”Suddenly I felt warm. I brushed the back of my hand against my forehead. Shock settled into my gut and slackened my jaw. No wonder Levi and Diego wouldn’t tell me. They were right—I wouldn’t have been able to focus on my own rescue.“We became your family to protect you,” Dani said, her eyes locked on mine.“Protect me?” I interrupted. “But I was protecting you!” I thought back to all those times I had distracted bullies just to save her.“I know,” Dani said quietly. “I had to let you do that, to protect me like a big sister, so that we wouldn’t raise suspicion. It was a trade-off. You had to protect me from the day-to-day stuff so that we could keep you safe.”“Keep me safe?” I felt so confused. “From what? Weren’t we all in danger?”“Not quite,” Dani said. “Because I, your mother, and father—I’m talking about Sarah and Edward—we were all part of the Elite.”“But the Elite didn’t even exist sixteen years ago,” I said.“Not by name,” Dani replied as she steepled her fingers near her chin. “But they existed. They started out as a fringe political group that got stronger and stronger. They got so much power that they were able to push the moderates out of the government in a matter of several election cycles. And once that happened, they took over everything. There was a coup. Eventually the Elite formed the New Government, and all the moderates or anyone else who didn’t agree with them became members of the Miasma or the Underground.”I shook my head slowly, as if that would somehow help me comprehend what she was saying. “Okay, so you were from the Elite and you decided to join the Miasma?”Dani nodded. “Yes, because Sarah and Edward didn’t agree with what the Elite were doing. They either had to leave, live a lie, or get kicked out eventually anyway. They left voluntarily.”“Is that why the New Government kept such a close eye on us?” I thought back to the interrogation room, where Red and Gravel Voice seemed to know everything about our lives.“In part, maybe. But other Elites ended up in the Miasma too. The New Government really didn’t care one way or the other, because fewer Elites meant more food, riches, and resources for the rest of the Elites.” Dani laced her fingers together, almost like she was praying, and placed her hands on top of the table.“Those guards in the prison knew so much about us,” I said as I shifted in my seat.“That’s because they had their suspicions about you. They could never prove who you were. There were rumors. So they just watched the family—waiting for us to slip up, waiting for you to give them the proof they needed—”I interrupted again. “What proof? What do you mean?”Dani leaned forward. “Our job as part of your family was to make sure you grew up as normal as possible. But everyone was waiting to see if you’d discover your powers before your eighteenth birthday.”My jaw dropped. I wanted to say something, but the words seemed trapped in my throat. I wanted to ask something, but my mind couldn’t seem to form any questions. All I could do was repeat after Dani in fragmented sentences. “Powers. Powers. Eighteenth birthday.” I picked up the water glass on the table and took a big drink. My throat felt dry, the words came out weakly.Dani bobbed her head very slowly at me, almost as if waiting for me to understand what she was saying. “Yes, Rory. You are not actually a member of the Elite, the Miasma, or the Underground. You’re The Selected. And you might be one of the last ones.”“The Selected,” I repeated. No more words came.“Yes,” Dani confirmed. She pointed to my chest. “You know that gold medallion you wear with the ‘S’ cut out that Mother gave you? The ‘S’ doesn’t stand for Sarah. It stands for Selected.”I reached my hand up to my neck and clutched the medallion.Chapter 14The Selected.I kept rolling the words around in my head all afternoon. The Selected. The Selected. The Selected. I laid on my bed, which was a nice change from prison and cave floors. I tried to rest, but all I could do was stare at the white textured ceiling and think.I traced the cut-out “S” on my gold medallion with my index finger. Dani and my parents—well, the parents I knew, Edward and Sarah—had never talked about The Selected before. But I had heard about them at school. There were rumors. People always spoke in hushed tones about The Selected.There were always the rumors about the “powers” too. I always discounted them. I had never seen anyone with powers, so I didn’t believe the rumors. And truth is, when you’re scrambling around just to make sure you have enough to eat, idle gossip about people they call “The Selected” just didn’t take up much of time.Now this was different. Now I had just been told that I was one of The Selected, maybe one of the few remaining on this entire earth. Certainly, I was the only one they knew about, or at least the only one that the Underground had located.Did I have powers? According to what others had heard about The Selected, their powers became apparent on their eighteenth birthday. That was still three months away for me. However, those who knew they were part of The Selected sometimes could cultivate their powers sooner.I knew now that I was one of The Selected. Or at least that’s what people were telling me. But I had no idea how to make my powers reveal themselves. I wasn’t even sure I believed the whole “powers” thing. And even if I believed it, I had no idea how to make them appear.I heard a soft knock at the door. “Come in,” I called out.The door clicked open and Diego walked in. He wore black from head to toe, which I thought made him look rather dashing and mysterious. I sat up and motioned for him to have a seat on the edge of the bed.“You okay?” He searched my eyes again as his hand briefly brushed my cheek.“Yeah. It’s just weird to find out that you’re not who you think you are.” I twisted a corner of the blanket in my hands.“You can see why we didn’t tell you out there,” Diego said quietly. “And why Simon couldn’t tell you. He wanted to, but we had to talk him out of it. He really cared for you.”I smiled a little. A smile tinged with sadness. I cared for Simon too. I always thought of him like a brother.“If you had known that you were special and if you figured your powers out before you were eighteen, then the New Government would have known too. It was just too dangerous. We had to keep it a secret to keep you alive.” Diego tilted his head. His face softened. I could tell he felt sorry for being a part of the cover-up operation.“I know. I understand why you did what you did,” I answered.I thought back to how I had been so mad at Diego, especially after he told me about Simon being part of the Underground. And maybe a few months ago I would have been mad at everyone for keeping such a big secret from me. But I truly did understand now. They didn’t want to keep this a secret from me, but they had to in order to protect me.“I’m glad you understand. It was a very difficult decision for everyone involved.” Diego placed his hand on mine. Such a tender gesture. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach again.“But let me ask you one question,” I said. “Why didn’t the New Government just kidnap me to find out for themselves if I have any powers?”“Because your powers can’t be forced. If you were under duress, your powers would never come out. The New Government knows this. That’s why they spied on you rather than snatching you. And that’s why we had to make it look like you were just another normal kid,” Diego explained.“So what’s next? How do I discover my power?” That question intrigued me. I felt normal, just like everyone else. Well, as normal as you could feel living under the New Government in these times. But I didn’t really feel like I had special powers.“I don’t know for sure.” Diego stroked the back of my hand with his good thumb. “But we have a few people who are going to try to help you out. Tomorrow, if you’re up to it.”“To help me figure out this whole power thing?” I asked as I tossed my braid over my shoulder.“Yes. Now that you know about The Selected, it’s probably in your best interest to find out as much as you can right away. A few months ago finding out would have gotten you killed, but now it may just be the thing you need to save …” Diego trailed off. He pursed his lips together, as if willing himself to say no more.“To save my mother,” I finished his sentence.He nodded and looked down at our interlocked hands. I knew he didn’t want to bring up my mother just yet, not after all that had happened.Power or not, The Selected or not, I knew I needed to save my mother. That much was true.***The stocky, blond middle-aged man in front of me extended his hand toward me. “I’m Jonathan. You can call me Jon.”“Rory,” I replied in kind as I shook his powerful hand. I eyed him up and down. They told me he was a history professor at one time and that he had met members of The Selected before. His broad chest and well-muscled arms made him look more like a rugged warrior than a professor.He gestured for me to take a seat at the round wooden table in the corner of his office. Diego and Dani were already sitting at the table. They had asked if it was okay for them to attend this first session. I told them it was more than okay, since I very much preferred that they were with me.Jon didn’t waste any time. He adjusted his gold-framed glasses as he settled into his own chair. “Did you ever have any sense that you were different as a child?”“No, not that I can think of,” I answered. Which was odd, because I didn’t even realize that Sarah, Edward, and Dani were not my biological family. They were definitely my family, I felt that now even deep in my heart, but it’s odd to have your family keeping a big secret from you and having no sense of it.“Were you ever able to do anything that the other kids couldn’t do?” Jon asked.I looked up at the ceiling for a moment as I searched my mind, then I shook my head. “I really felt just like everyone else. In some ways I felt inferior. Definitely not special.”“What did others say about you? How would they describe you?” Jon asked.I looked over at Dani and gave her a slight nod of my head. She would know the answer to this question.Dani’s head bobbed almost imperceptibly as she spoke, “Rory was always very kind. If people needed any help with anything, they’d ask her. Or actually, you wouldn’t have to ask—Rory would just pitch in. Generous.”I looked back over at Jonathan. His arms were crossed on his chest, but one hand came up to stroke his chin thoughtfully. “What else, Dani?”“She was also very sensitive. Still is. Doesn’t like high emotions. Drama. Anger. All of that stuff bothers her …”“That’s true,” I said as I traced the rim of my water glass with the tip of my finger. I looked up at Jon. “Even now I feel sick to my stomach when people get really angry. It’s like I can just feel it in my gut, like I can just feel the blackness.”The wooden chairs creaked as everyone shifted in their seats. Diego and Dani turned their bodies more fully toward me, as if they didn’t want to miss a word I was saying. Jon leaned forward now, his eyes bright.“I’ve seen that!” Dani said. “I can’t believe I didn’t think of it before.”“But what’s so unusual about that?” I asked as I looked over to Dani.“It’s not unusual to feel for someone else, Rory,” Dani said as she pointed at me with her index finger. “But you were different. You were much more sensitive than everyone else. I mean most people get uncomfortable when others yell, but you would actually throw up.”“That’s a little unusual,” Jon agreed as he tapped his chin with his finger. “Not unheard of, certainly, but a little unusual.”“I don’t like the fighting,” I said. “But who does? We’ve been living under the New Government for a few years now. It’s stressful. I don’t think it’s surprising that I would get sick from the stress.”“Maybe not,” Jon said thoughtfully.  I could tell he wasn’t wholly convinced either way.I laughed. “I don’t think getting sick is actually considered a desirable power though, is it?”Everyone at the table chuckled a little, but I felt they were just humoring me. All eyes fell on me. Jon rubbed chin again. Diego’s eyes narrowed. Dani tilted her head as if she was trying to piece something together.“It could be misdirected power,” Jon said as he nodded slowly. “That’s really common. Until someone truly understands and harnesses their power, they’ll often misdirect it. I’ve seen others get ill.”Now my head swiveled back and forth from Jon to Dani to Diego. Was it really possible that I could be one of The Selected with powers? Because from what Jon was saying, getting sick might be a sign. It all felt like a dream happening to someone else, but maybe it was true.“Think back to when you were a child,” Jon continued. “When did you get a really upset stomach? What events triggered you to get ill?”I opened my mouth to answer, but I wasn’t able to get a word out before I heard yelling in the hallway. I heard the door open behind me, and I turned around in my chair to see what was going on. One of the Underground members stood in the doorway breathing hard.“It’s Edward,” the man in the doorway yelled. “He’s been hurt!”Chapter 15“Dad!” I cried out. I think Dani yelled the same thing at the same time.I leapt up so fast that my chair fell over. I didn’t even bother looking at it. I was out the door, running behind the guy who’d come into the room. Behind me I could hear other footsteps echoing in the tiled hallway—Jon, Dani, and Diego.A couple minutes later we finally reached the Underground’s medical facilities. I saw a crowd of medical personnel surrounding one bed. They were yelling things, pushing drugs into IVs, working like crazy. The monitors beeped and buzzed erratically. It hurt my years.“Oh, god,” I said when I got close enough to see him. It was my father. Streaks of blood ran down his face. His black shirt was wet over his chest with what I assumed was more blood. His eyes were closed, and he wasn’t moving or reacting at all to the large amount of activity going on around him.Dani stood at my side, her hand clasped over her mouth. I put my arm around her. “It’s okay, he’ll be okay.” I tried to sound reassuring.I wasn’t sure of that, of course. I wasn’t sure about anything at all. I hadn’t seen my father in such a long time—not since the night the New Government came and took him—and now I almost didn’t recognize him. His salt and pepper hair made him looked old rather than distinguished. He looked so fragile lying on the bed. He looked so helpless.My heart constricted. I pulled my arm even tighter around Dani, and she turned and buried her head into my shoulder as she sobbed. “Don’t give up on us, Dad.” I whispered. “Oh, please don’t give up.” My eyes blurred and I felt the tears wetting my cheek.One of the doctors lifted two metallic paddles in the air. “Clear!” she yelled.She put the paddles on my father’s chest. A loud hum filled my ears, followed by a woosh sound as the paddles released their charge into his chest. My father’s body heaved up lifelessly beneath the force of electricity. I could feel it too, like the arc of electricity had jumped out and pounded me in the heart. I took an unsteady step back as my hand clutched my burning chest.“Clear!” The doctor yelled again.Paddles down. A jolt to my father’s chest. I rocked back on my heels, losing my balance. I would have gone down if Dani hadn’t grabbed my sides to stabilize me.I could smell burnt flesh. I could hear the buzzing of the machines so loud that I had to clamp my hands over my ears to try to block it out. I gritted my teeth so hard that my entire jaw hurt.Dani stood in front of me, her hands still gripping my sides, her eyes wide as she looked right at me.“CLEAR!” The doctor yelled once again.I could feel the jolt radiating out from my chest and down every limb of my body. I fell backward with such force that this time Dani couldn’t catch me before I hit the floor. I felt like I was burning from the inside out. I felt a searing pain at the base of my throat.“Oh, my god, my god, my god!” Dani yelled continuously now. Smoke filled my nostrils. I looked up at the ceiling to see several silhouettes and blurry faces gathered around me.“She’s burning!” Another female voice screamed.The smell of burnt flesh hovered over me. My chest stung. Moments later I felt cold water splashed over me.  Something sizzled. I felt a sharp pain. Another pitcher of water rained down on me. More sizzling sounds. The cool water soothed my stinging flesh. “Dear god, no! She’ll get electrocuted if you charge it again! Stop!” I think it was Dani yelling. It was hard to tell. It was like all the voices and sounds in the room were meshing together, like I couldn’t separate them. I felt dizzy. Confused.I started to sit up. Someone pushed at my shoulders, trying to lower me back down to the floor. “Stay there, don’t move.” That might have been Diego talking.I swatted at the hands on my shoulders. “Let me up,” I said. And then more forcefully, “Help me up!”I struggled to get up. Then several hands grasped me—lifting me up by my elbows, pushing me from behind. I rose to my feet.“Get out of the way,” I said as I pushed my way through the crowd of nurses and doctors who were gathered around my father’s bed.I heard the constant buzzing on the monitor, signaling that my father had flat-lined. I turned to the nearest nurse and told her to shut the monitor off. She froze in place. “Shut it off now!” I didn’t like being so forceful with her, but I had to. I couldn’t even think with that loud noise grinding into every cell of my being.I leaned over my father, and the water dripped from my face and my hair onto his body. I placed my left hand on his forehead. There was life in him yet, I knew it. I draped my body across his, putting my right hand on his heart and my ear to his chest.I closed my eyes. The noises in the room, the confusion, the yelling seemed to melt into the background. They pushed further away. It felt like it was just me and my father. And I knew he was in there, I knew it, because I could feel his soul stirring.“That’s it,” I said.I heard something. A muffled thump. Another thump. My hand grew warm on his chest. I imagined the warmth from my hand reaching right down to his heart. I imagined wrapping his heart and massaging it with this warmth.His chest radiated warmth right under my hand. Then I could feel the warmth expanding out and reaching across his chest to where my head lay. I started to shake now. Trembling. I felt a gentle hand on my back, and I knew it was Dani without even looking. I just knew.Tears streamed out my tightly closed lids. I became aware of the coppery smell of blood on my father’s chest, the wetness of the blood that had soaked through his shirt. My stomach started roiling. I ignored my nausea and just focused on the warmth and the intermittent thumping.Thump. Pause. Thump, thump. Pause. Thump-thump. Thump-thump. Thump-thump. His heart was beating.My father coughed. He coughed again, and his chest heaved up under my head as he sucked in a deep breath. I lifted my head from his chest and looked at his blood-streaked face. I tenderly brushed the sticky, graying hair away from his eyes.His eyes fluttered opened and then grew wide as he stared at the ceiling, struggling to draw in another breath.“Father, it’s Rory. And Dani.” I turned to look back over my shoulder at Dani. She had her hand clamped over her nose and mouth again.My father slowly moved his eyes from the ceiling to look over at my face. His eyes struggled to focus. Then a flicker of recognition.“Rory,” he said quietly. I could sense the tenderness and the relief in his voice, even though my name came out strained and weak.“You’re going to be okay,” I said as I kissed his forehead. I believed it. I knew it. He was going to be okay.A weak, faint smile crossed his lips. He believed it too.I gazed at my father for a few more seconds as I stroked his forehead. Then I looked up at the doctor standing across from me. “Check this man’s wounds and clean him up,” I said to her. Then, to my father, “I’ll be back soon.” I kissed his forehead once more.I took a few reluctant steps back. I wanted to stay, but I knew he needed medical attention. And he needed rest. So did I; I felt weak and exhausted. I turned on my heel to leave the room and I noticed most eyes were on me.“That was … amazing,” Diego said as he reached out to touch my arm. “Are you okay?”“Yes,” I said as I started walking out the room. “But I think I need to rest now.”***I woke to the sound of soft knocking on the door. “Rory?” It was Dani.“Come in,” I said.Dani walked across the room and sat on the edge of the bed next to me. She handed me a cup of coffee. “How are you feeling?”“I’m fine,” I said as I stretched the stiffness out of my body. “How’s Father?”“He’s awake and asking for you. I didn’t really want to wake you up, but I thought you’d want to talk to him as soon as possible.”“Thanks.” I sat up, scooted back a bit, and leaned against the headboard. I cupped the coffee in both hands. The warmth felt nice. The aroma perked me up. We didn’t get luxuries like coffee at home very often, and I certainly hadn’t had any in prison.“Are you sure you’re okay?” Dani’s eyebrows went up as she stared at my chest.I looked down. My eggshell-colored shirt was singed dark brown, and burned through right over my heart. I touched the burnt fabric, almost like I couldn’t believe it was real. “It doesn’t hurt. Not anymore.”“Is your flesh burned? Do you need salve? Maybe a doctor should look at you …”“Look,” I said to Dani as I lifted up my shirt to show her my chest.“My god.” Dani’s eyes grew even wider. “There’s nothing there. No sign of it. But your chest was on fire like five hours ago …”“I know.” My voice sounded confident, as if it was an everyday thing for someone’s chest to burst into flame, singe their shirt, and yet leave no mark on the flesh. My skin wasn’t even red. And I admit, I still didn’t quite believe it either.Dani shook her head. “That’s incredible.”“But there’s this,” I said as I pointed at the base of my throat.Dani leaned in close. “Is that your ‘S’ medallion?”I nodded as I fingered the scarred flesh at the base of my throat. I had examined the base of my throat in the mirror earlier and noticed that the medallion had melted into my flesh, right where my throat and chest met. The medallion was a part of me now, but I could still trace its ‘S’ curve beneath the thin layer of flesh.“I gotta show you something else,” I said as I held out my left hand to her.She took my hand in hers and examined it. Then she looked over at my right hand, the one that held the coffee cup. “Whoa.” She looked back at my left hand.“I know. My thumb wound spontaneously healed. I noticed it when I went to change the wet bandage before sleeping.”Dani continued examining my thumb stump, turning my hand palm down and then back to palm up. “This looks like a wound that was made like six months ago—it’s just whitened scar tissue.” She looked up into my eyes as if searching for an explanation.“Yesterday I was worried that the antibiotics weren’t powerful enough. I worried about infection setting in. And then this …” I trailed off and looked down at the base of my left thumb. What was red and festering yesterday had turned into healed scar tissue today.I gently took my hand from Dani and placed it back on the coffee cup. I wasn’t used to so much attention, so much scrutiny. I realized I was going to have to get used to it now that everyone knew I was one of The Selected. But for now I could only take it in small doses before I felt uncomfortable.I tipped the cup up at my lips and finished my coffee. “Let’s go talk to Father,” I suggested.***“So they’ve told you everything?” my father asked. He sat on his hospital bed, with a mound of crisp white pillows holding him up. I had my chair pulled right up to his bedside so that I could hold his hand.I nodded at him. I felt happy to see him here.“I’m sorry we kept that from you,” my father said quietly. A small smile softened his face.“No worries, Father,” I said. “I understand why you had to do it. You wouldn’t have done it if you had a choice.”“Yes,” he agreed. He paused and then added, “They also told me what happened in here this morning. You saved me.”I shrugged. It felt weird to take credit for it, especially when I hadn’t really known what I was doing at the time. I still didn’t understand quite what I had done. “I guess,” I answered quietly.“You’re a healer, Rory,” my father said very seriously. “And probably an empath too.”“That’s what it looks like,” I replied.“The thing about The Selected is that their powers are at their strongest when they are at their most emotional. That’s especially true for an empath,” my father said as he touched my arm.What he said made sense. I was so scared yesterday that he going to die on that table. “Everything was so loud yesterday, like I could feel everything,” I told him. “Especially the charge paddles.”“Yes, exactly,” my father replied. “You could feel it because you haven’t yet learned how to stop it.”He was right. I thought back to how my shoulder and chest ached in the cave when I was tending to Levi’s wound. I wish I had known how to do more for him. I hoped Levi and Ethan were okay.“Did you hear about my rescue? About Levi?” I asked.My father nodded. “Yes, Diego filled me in.”“I wish I would have known all this a few days ago in the cave. Levi could have made it out of the cave with us …” I let the unspoken hang in the air between us. We hadn’t heard from Levi and Ethan’s rescue team yet, so no one knew what had happened to them.“Don’t blame yourself, Rory,” my father replied.But I did blame myself. Levi wouldn’t have even been hurt if it wasn’t for me. Ethan wouldn’t be in danger either. And if I was smarter, I could have figured out my powers earlier on my own. We could have all walked out of the cave that night. I shook my head as the feeling of guilt prodded at my gut.“Don’t. Just don’t.” My father looked a little stern, even as I saw the lines of concern crinkle the corner of his eyes. “The rescue teams are very good. They’ll bring Levi and Ethan back. They’ll be okay.”I wiped the back of my hand across my wet cheek and nodded.“You need to focus on something else,” my father said softly.“Mother,” I replied.“Yes. Because you might know where she is. You might be the only one who can tell us if she’s even …” He trailed off, not wanting to finish the sentence. I didn’t want to think about her being dead either.He was right. There was already a rescue team out for Levi and Ethan. They would find them, because they knew exactly where to look, since Diego had given explicit instructions.But no one knew about my mother. They had been searching for her for a couple months, and every lead turned out to be a dead end. Maybe I could find her. Maybe I was more than just a healer and an empath. Maybe I was intuitive, too, or had some other useful skill that we could use to find her.I’d soon find out.Chapter 16I paced back and forth at the entrance to the Underground’s headquarters. I chewed my fingernails. I paced some more. I took a few deep breaths so my nerves wouldn’t get the best of me.One of the Underground scouts had come galloping in with word that the rescue party was coming back with Ethan and Levi. The party was moving more slowly than the scout, so the scout estimated they’d be about fifteen minutes behind him. That was twenty minutes ago.Diego had come for me immediately when he heard the news. He said Levi was in bad shape, and he thought maybe I could do something about it. Of course I wanted to. I’d do whatever I could to help. But I’d be lying if I didn’t admit I felt scared as hell. Everyone was depending on me—but I didn’t know what I was doing.I kept trying to push those doubting thoughts out of my head. I could do this. I did it before, I could do it again. Two days ago with my father I got all the proof I needed that I could heal, that I could help. Since then I’d been working with Jon. So I was actually in a better position now than I was two days ago.Except two days ago I wasn’t nervous. Two days ago I didn’t over-think things. I ran on instinct. I didn’t even think about it, because I didn’t know I could heal. But today everyone was counting on me. Today Levi was counting on me.I saw the cloud of dust before I saw the horses. I ran through the vegetation curtain to wait for the rescue team’s arrival. A crowd gathered around, which included doctors, onlookers, and well-wishers.A rescuer rode in first, yelling at the crowd to make way. Ethan rode in right behind him on a big brown horse with Levi slung over the saddle. As soon as they came to a fast stop right in front of the entrance, the onlookers and medical staff crowded around the horse and immediately went to work to untie Levi. Then they slid him off the horse, strapped him on a gurney, and wheeled him into the cave’s entrance.I ran alongside the gurney, helping to push. The metal railing felt so cold in my hand. I looked down and gazed at Levi’s face. His eyes were closed. He looked ashen. His chest moved up and down—he was breathing on his own—but he didn’t seem to be conscious.As soon as we cleared the rock door, we only had to run a few more dozen feet down the hall to get into the Underground’s emergency room. The medical personnel started hooking Levi up to machines and checking his vitals. “Quiet, please,” I said to the staff in the room. “Just give me two minutes.”I heard the doctor agree and tell everyone to back off. They could afford to give me a few minutes. Levi was breathing, he was in pain, he was in bad shape … but he wasn’t crashing.I took Levi’s left hand in mine and closed my eyes. I listened. I heard a faint sound, like muffled rushing water. The sound amplified … louder, louder, louder. I could hear his blood rushing through his veins, rushing to every part of his body. I could hear it.Though I had never listened to anyone’s blood rushing like this, I knew it didn’t sound right. His blood carried toxins, infection. The sound carried a dark undercurrent, a dark tone. It wasn’t right. It wasn’t pure.I opened my eyes and looked down at his wound. “Scissors,” I said as I extended my hand, palm up, without looking away from Levi’s chest. Seconds later someone pressed scissors into my hand.I carefully cut away a makeshift bandage. It was much like the one I had packed into his wound in the cave, except this one was cleaner. It must have been Ethan’s work. Then I cut his shirt away so that I’d have an unobstructed view of his chest.I could smell it before I saw it—the wound was infected. The putrid smell rose up from the wound in waves and surrounded me. I fought back the urge to puke as the bile crawled up the back of my throat. Focus, Rory, focus.The heated skin around Levi’s bullet hole showed streaks of red reaching out like angry fingers from the entry wound. The fingers reached for his heart. Streams of infection were trying to shut down his heart and infect every part of his body.The actual bullet hole looked raw, angry, infected. Putrid green pus oozed out of the wound. I tilted my head and tentatively put an index finger right into the bullet hole. The raw flesh felt like it was burning up.My stomach felt queasy again. I wasn’t used to looking at such raw, rotten wounds. I certainly wasn’t used to these smells. A fresh wound isn’t a pretty sight, but at least it didn’t smell and look like this. Fresh wounds don’t smell like death.I removed my finger from the oozing bullet wound and placed my hand on his forehead. I placed my other hand on his pelvis and leaned forward. My head hovered over his chest. Instincts and intuition pushed now, telling me what to do. My logical mind grappled with my intuition.I straightened up and rocked back on my heels. No, I couldn’t. I couldn’t. My stomach jumped and churned at the thought of doing what my intuition was telling me to do.But I had to. The infection was so deep and it was sending out long fingers to reach his heart. If it reached his heart, he’d have serious damage. Levi might die if I didn’t do this.I bent over Levi’s chest again. I leaned forward, then a little more. My head hovered over the wound. The stench of rotten blood on his clothes and green pus and dirt and urine surrounded me. But I kept lowering my head, inch by inch.I exhaled a long, slow breath out my nose to try to drive the smell of the festering wound out of it. I kept lowering my head closer. Closer. Closer. When my nose almost touched his skin, I closed my eyes. Then I covered the last few millimeters quickly and locked my lips around the oozing wound.I sucked at the wound, pulling up all the pus and ooze into my mouth. I tasted it. It tasted like a thousand dead men. It tasted like dirt and maggots and wet leaves. It tasted the way rotten flesh smells: like a dead animal that’s been cooking in the sun for way too long.I pulled my head back and spit it all out on the floor by my feet. Little spatters hit my boot. I turned my head back to his chest, locked my mouth back on the wound, and started sucking again.I heard his rushing blood. I heard his heartbeat thumping loudly in my head. I heard the gunshot that created this wound. I saw the bullet as it ripped open his chest in slow motion. I spit out all this vile hatefulness again, then put my mouth over the wound for a third time.The scene that played out in my head in vivid detail suddenly started to reverse. Everything began moving in slow motion. I saw the bullet leaving the wound. I saw the skin closing back up. I saw the bullet going back into the gun. I saw Levi standing strong. Healthy. Smiling.Now suddenly I tasted wet leaves and sweat and a man’s flesh, but no blood. No pus. No infection. I tasted the earth. Wet earth, the kind you smell after a warm summer rain. I imagined the rain coming down in beautiful sheets, turning the barren earth all lush and green.I opened my eyes and pulled my mouth away from Levi’s chest. The festering wound had disappeared, leaving just scar tissue. The red streams of infection were gone. The raw wound was gone.Levi sputtered and coughed. He squinted his eyes, as if trying to focus on all the faces surrounding his bed.I sputtered and coughed too, trying to catch my breath. I stood up straight, but the room started spinning.“She’s going down—somebody catch her!” That’s the last thing I heard.***I woke up with a jolt, just like every morning. I’d lived at the Underground headquarters for about five days now, but every morning I woke up thinking I was back in that prison cell. And every night I relived horrible dreams—seeing the dirty faces of the children in the fields, seeing my mother alongside them, hearing their screams as the New Government tortured all of them.Opening my eyes in the morning didn’t make the images disappear, not right away. They’d linger. They’d linger right in front of me, and it felt like I was back in the fields, back in the prison. Sometimes the images dancing in front of my eyes seemed so real I felt like I could reach out and touch them.This was one of those mornings when the images lingered. I pressed my hand to my forehead, trying to shake the horrible nightmares away. I got out of bed and started getting dressed. Sometimes it was better to just get on with my day, to start thinking about something else.About ten minutes later I was in the dining room, eating breakfast with Dani, Ethan and Diego.“How’s Levi?” I asked. I had thought about him a lot during the night. I thought about what he looked like in the cave. That little twinge of guilt had come back and settled in my gut.“He’s fine, thanks to you,” Ethan said.I reached across the table and put my hand on Ethan’s. “I can’t even begin to thank you for everything you did back in the forest,” I said. I was at a loss for words. How could I thank this man who risked everything—including his own life—to save me?Ethan waved his other hand in the air as if to brush off my comment. “It was nothing, Aurora.” He looked down at his plate shyly. He had to be in his mid-twenties, and he certainly acted like a warrior. But at times like this, I could see the shy little boy in him. I found it endearing.Dani jumped on the lull in the conversation. “You should have seen Levi’s wounds,” she said excitedly. “Everything sped up, just like with you. It was like his healing jumped six months into the future.” She nodded at me wide-eyed, apparently still a little in awe of what I’d done to Levi.Suddenly I realized that I had been so worried about Levi and my father that I had completely forgotten about Diego. “Your thumb, Diego … would you like me to take a look at it?”Diego looked down at his bandaged hand. I could see his bandage was stained yellow and pink. His wound still oozed. It probably hadn’t scarred over properly.“I’d like that. I mean, if you want,” Diego said quietly.“Okay. Let’s do that before my appointment with Jon this morning. Come back with me to my room when we’re done with breakfast?” I suggested as I picked up a forkful of eggs.Diego nodded.About twenty-five minutes later, Diego and I sat on the edge of my bed and I slowly removed his bandage. When I got to the layer that lay right next to the skin, I slowed down even more. He tensed a little. The seeping ooze had dried, which in turn created an adhesive that made his bandage cling to his skin.“Would it be better if you removed it the rest of the way?” I asked softly. I didn’t want to hurt him.“No, you’re fine.” He smiled at me. My stomach fluttered.I nodded and worked on lifting the bandage off his raw skin gently. When his thumb was completely uncovered, I turned his hand over a few times, examining it from all angles to get a better look at the wound. I took a moment to smile up at Diego reassuringly. He smiled back at me. A half smile. A mysterious smile. A tender smile.“Diego, can I ask you something?”“Of course.” He smiled again.“Where are your parents?” I bit my lip. “If you don’t mind talking about it. It’s okay if you’d rather not.”“No, it’s fine,” Diego said as he leaned back on his good hand on the bed. “My parents died two years ago during the government takeover.”“I’m so sorry,” I said. My heart constricted. I touched his forearm gently.“My mother was shot in the head. She died in my arms. My father was killed in prison.” Diego looked down, but not before I noticed the tears moistening his eyes.“I didn’t know,” I said softly.Diego brought his head down to look right at me. “It’s the same for most of the young people here. Same thing happened to Ethan. His parents were dragged out of the house and killed on his front lawn.”“It’s happening to me,” I said.“Except your father is safe,” Diego replied. “And I know your mother will be alright too. We’ll find her.” Diego touched my cheek.I nodded. His touch set off tingles in my stomach.  I switched topics to break the gloom that hung thickly in the air. “Let’s have a look at this thumb.” I held his hand up and examined the thumb stump.Part of the wound had started to form a scab, but the other part festered and looked raw. It didn’t look bad like Levi’s wound. It was raw, but it wasn’t dangerously infected. The antibiotics were to thank for that.As I examined the wound, a strand of my hair slipped from the top of my head and across my eyes. I was just about to brush it away when I felt Diego’s hand gently place the hair behind my ear.I looked up at him. Maybe my head jerked a little fast. I hoped he didn’t think I was flinching. But his touch surprised me. Electricity surged and then danced in my belly as Diego’s hand grazed against my cheek.He gazed into my eyes now. His smile faded slightly, but his face remained soft and warm. His eyes played back and forth between mine, and occasionally his gaze drifted up to my hair and then down to my lips. I felt like he wanted to say something.His hand came up to my cheek again. I leaned into his palm and closed my eyes. It felt good to be close to him, even if my stomach was doing back flips.I brought his wounded hand up to my chest and put it up to my heart. I didn’t know if he could feel my heart racing. My heart pounded so loudly I wondered if he could hear it, too.He gently caressed my cheek. I opened my eyes. He leaned toward me, like he wanted to be even closer to me. I leaned toward him too. I wanted him near. My gaze dropped to his mouth. I wanted to feel his lips on mine.He closed the distance and our lips touched. Softly at first, he just brushed his lips lightly against mine. When he leaned back, I opened my eyes. He was looking at me as if to gauge my reaction. This time I closed the distance and kissed him back, pressing my lips eagerly to his, trying to become a part of him.My eyes closed. I could sense this beautiful wave of energy washing over both of us, enveloping us, drawing us together as one. I felt my chest warming over my heart, right where I held his hand against me. Then his hand began warming. I wondered if he could feel the radiating heat.His soft touches moved from my cheek to the back of my head. He gently pressed my head to his. He didn’t have to do it. I wasn’t going anywhere. At this moment I felt nothing else in this world except his soft lips on mine, the heat building up between us, the energy washing over us.I felt like we had been transported to another place and time. Away from this underground world. Away from the New Government. Away from all the pain and misery that we had grown so accustomed to.I could see us under a summer moon, dancing. The fresh smell of blooming flowers and pine trees and freshly cut grass wafted over us. And everywhere, everywhere, this feeling of loving energy wrapping us together, dancing around us, celebrating our union.Then suddenly Diego mumbled something into my lips. He broke the kiss. “Oh, my god, Aurora,” he said as he removed his hand from the back of my head.He had never called me Aurora before. I opened my eyes, startled, wondering what I had done wrong. But Diego wasn’t looking in my eyes. His gaze wandered above my head. His face glowed with reflected green light. I followed his gaze to see a beautiful cloud of green energy dancing above us.“Aurora,” he said. I dropped my gaze to his eyes as he spoke. His eyes widened. “Aurora borealis. Northern lights,” he whispered.He was right. The energy dancing above us looked just like Northern lights. Was that why I was named Aurora? Did my biological parents know about this glowing green energy?I dropped my gaze down to where I held Diego’s wounded hand against my heart. Our hands were swathed in the glowing green light too, and the light danced and flickered halfway up his arm.I looked up at his face. His wide eyes flicked between my eyes and the dancing green energy on his arm. His jaw slackened. Clearly he had never seen anything like this before. I hadn’t either—and it was pretty obvious that I was the one causing the room to fill with glowing, dancing green lights.We both watched as the glowing energy above and between us started to slowly fade away. As it did, I began to miss it immediately. I wanted to be back in that place that it took me, under the summer moonlight, carefree. Away from here.The warmth on my chest faded too. I pulled our hands away from my heart and inspected his thumb. It was healed—no longer festering and raw, it was just a mound of white and pink scar tissue. I looked into Diego’s chocolate-brown eyes and smiled.“Thank you, Aurora,” he said. He let out a long breath.It still felt weird for him to call me by my full name, but I understood why he did it. He didn’t call me Aurora because of the dancing green lights we both just witnessed. Instead, he called me Aurora as a show of respect. Now he knew for sure that I was one of The Selected, because he had proof: real proof that he saw on his own body, that he witnessed with his own eyes, that he no doubt felt to the core of his being.I wanted to correct him and say it was okay to call me Rory, but he already knew that. It’s almost like I could feel the shift in our relationship happen. Right in that room, right at that moment, something changed between us. I wasn’t just a seventeen-year-old girl to him anymore. I was one of The Selected.I smiled at him, trying to make my face and my eyes as warm as possible. I didn’t like people treating me differently just because I was one of The Selected. I was still me. I was still Rory. So maybe I could heal now or make some green lights dance around the room. But I was still the seventeen-year-old girl who sometimes had nightmares, felt scared, and enjoyed the butterflies that stirred in my belly whenever Diego was around.Diego leaned back. I didn’t see the same wanting look in his eyes anymore. He wasn’t reaching out to touch me. He didn’t look like he wanted to kiss me again. In fact it seemed like regret washed over his face, like he was sorry that he had kissed me at all. Like somehow he had taken a sacred object and degraded it.But I wasn’t an object. I was still just me, Rory O’Shannon. And I had fallen in love with this boy.Chapter 17Diego was already in the room with Jon when I arrived for my appointment. Based on the way Jon looked at me, I could guess that Diego had told Jon about the dancing green energy. I wondered if Diego told Jon about the kiss.“Good morning, Aurora,” Jon said as he rose from his seat and gestured to an empty chair. “Have a seat.”Ugh—him too. Now Jon was calling me Aurora as well. “Please, everyone, just call me Rory,” I reminded them. Aurora didn’t sound right to my ears. That’s what teachers called me, or my parents when I was getting in trouble. It just didn’t fit. Or I just wasn’t ready to accept these gestures of respect.Jon tipped his head at me a little as if to acknowledge my comment, but he didn’t correct himself. He probably wasn’t going to call me Rory again. He had witnessed too much over the past several days.“Okay, now we need to talk about what else you might be able to do,” Jon said as he settled into his chair. He tapped a pen on the tabletop thoughtfully. “We know you can heal and it seems like you’re an empath. But there’s also a good chance that you have some sort of ESP, precognition or whatever you’d like to call it. Most of The Selected do, no matter what other powers they have.”Diego and Jon focused their full attention on me, which made my stomach flutter a little with nervousness. I knew this was important. I knew that if I had this power, and if I could tap into it now, that I had a shot at saving my mother. Everyone depended on me. Again.“I’ve thought about my mother a lot, but I can’t see anything,” I admitted as I touched the embedded ‘S’ medallion at the base of my throat. “Every time I think about her I just end up worrying, and then my mind goes to the worst-case scenario. I have nightmares,” I added quietly.“The emotion is usually helpful,” Jon said. “But if it’s misdirected then it can actually cloud your efforts. That might be what’s happening with you. You’re worrying too much. You’re letting the conscious side of your brain see your mother, rather than the subconscious part. You’re letting fear rather than love rule.”That made sense. Every time I thought of my mother, I felt fear more than anything. It felt like little icy tendrils wrapping around my heart. Sometimes I got so scared that I actually felt cold when I thought of her. Goosebumps would prickle at my skin and a shiver would run down my spine.“Fear and love can’t coexist in the same space,” Jon continued as he leaned back in his chair. “Whenever you feel that fear, or that worry, or some other negative emotion, it’s going to hang a cloud over your thoughts. You need to replace it with love if you want to see clearly.”“How? How can I just switch those thoughts on and off like a faucet, especially since I really am so scared about what’s happening?” I asked.He was right, I knew it. Because sometimes when I felt worried, it was almost like a fog descended over me. I couldn’t think straight. I couldn’t even trust myself.“You just have to make the choice to live in love rather than live in fear,” Jon said. “Whenever you feel those negative emotions, just close your eyes and remember where you came from. Meditate on love. Let it radiate from you. Be open to accepting it.”I tilted my head. This was all getting a little strange. “I don’t quite follow?”“All through the day I want you to stop and just think about love. Think about its healing power. Think about its ability to reach deep and change people from the inside out. The more space you give to love in your thoughts and your heart, the less room you’ll have for fear,” Jon said as he placed his hand over his heart.“So it will push the fear out?” I asked.“Not at first,” Jon said. “But slowly, slowly … if you keep your focus on love, you’ll be able to control your thoughts. And when you control your thoughts, you’ll be granted some opportunity to control your emotions. That’s when fear will start getting pushed aside.”I nodded. It all seemed so easy. But he was right. When I worried about my mother, it just made me think the worst. And that made me worry more. And that created the nightmares. And that resulted in even worse thoughts …Jon was suggesting to me that I reverse the process. Instead of spending time on worry and fear, I should spend my time focusing on love and positive thoughts.“I teach everyone to root themselves in love, Aurora, not just you,” Jon said as he leaned forward. “But it’s especially important for you to learn how to do this. It could save your mother.”“I know,” I agreed. He certainly didn’t have to tell me that.***A few days later I laid on my bed with my eyes closed. I focused on love. I imagined it radiating from my body as a warm light. I focused on being open and accepting.I had tried this multiple times over the past few days, but the fog over my thoughts seemed to cling tight. But now I felt a little different. Something was breaking through.I could feel it. A warm glow started at the core of my being and pushed its way gently outward. I imagined it washing over me. I imagined it whitewashing over everything that wasn’t love. Like a brilliantly white snowfall that covers the dead and dying brown grass beneath it.And then I could sense the energy again, the same energy that danced around me when I was with Diego. I opened my eyes to see a green glow surrounding me. I felt loved. Protected. At peace.I felt like I was floating, like I couldn’t feel the bed underneath me anymore. The physical began disappearing. The room itself ceased to exist. It was just me and this glowing green energy, dancing together in some far-off place.And then I could see her. My mother. Her figure appeared in the green glow. Her face. Strained. Scared. Her body tense. She felt afraid of something. She looked exhausted and beaten down. Her auburn hair was streaked with more silver than the last time I saw her.My heart constricted. I took a deep breath. “Where are you, Mother?” I whispered.I knew she couldn’t hear me. I knew she didn’t know any of this was going on. I said it to keep my focus on her, to keep the fear pushed back.Then a scene started to unfold in the green energy, like a blurry photo coming into focus. I could see a compound. Maybe ten or twelve small buildings and one large one spread across dozens of acres. Remote. They weren’t keeping her in an underground prison. No, she was someplace else.I see a man. A tall man. Red hair. Was it Red? The guard I knew from the prison? His face came into focus. Yes, it was Red. It was him. I shivered. Fear crept up my spine and prickled at the back of my neck.“Focus on love, Rory,” I whispered to myself. Relax. Focus on love. Focus on my mother.I could see her again. Red towers in front of her. I felt like I was watching a silent movie. I could see their lips moving, they talked, but I couldn’t hear a thing.My mother shakes her head. Red shakes his fist at her. He paces back and forth right in front of her. She cowers before him. She’s scared. Then Red stops directly in front of her and backhands my mother across the mouth.I cried out—partly at Red to stop him, even though I knew there was nothing I could do. But I also cried out because I felt the sting of the slap. I tasted the leather where Red’s gloved hand made contact. I tasted the coppery blood at the corner of my mouth.My mother’s hand covers her mouth. She’s crying now. I feel my own tears streaming down my cheeks.“Hang in there, Mother,” I whisper. I wish I could comfort her. Protect her. Wrap my arms around her.Red turns on his heel and walks away. My mother is alone now. She’s sitting on a wooden chair. She’s rocking. It’s not a rocking chair, but she’s wrapped her arms around herself and she’s rocking back and forth. I can almost feel her arms around me too.I sense her sadness. It’s heavy. It weighs down on me. And based on her pale and weakened appearance, it must weigh down on her too. She’s been sad for so long. And scared. I can feel it.I imagine reaching out to her. I imagine taking her in my arms to comfort her, to protect her. To shield her from everything so that she won’t have to endure any more abuse or any more pain at the hands of her captors.She’s looking around now. She’s looking up. She’s looking to her sides. Her lips move. She’s talking, but she’s alone. Is she saying “Rory”? It almost looks like she is. Or am I imagining things? Is she saying my name? And what else is she saying? She’s saying some word that I can’t quite make out.She kneels down on the floor. She’s tracing something with her fingers. She stops and looks up.I shake my head. “I don’t understand, Mother,” I whisper. I’m quiet, trying not to break the silence as if doing so would break the spell and make her disappear.She’s tapping the floor with her hand as if to say, “Pay attention … pay attention.” I am. I’m watching. And then she starts tracing her fingers on the floor very slowly.She’s writing something. She traces a “W” … then an “A.” I’m holding my breath now, watching as she traces four more letters.“Wadena,” I say. “You’re in Wadena.” My heart surges.My mother is smiling now. A faint smile, a weak smile, but she’s smiling. I understand. I know where she is. And somehow, someway, she knows that I understand. She knows. She knows.I opened my eyes. A green glow danced over my head, reflecting on every white wall in my bedroom. I jumped out of bed and raced out of the door. My footsteps echoed loudly in the hallway. “I know where my mother is! I know where Sarah is!” I yelled to anyone who’d listen.My mind is racing as I run down the hall. How did my mother tell me about Wadena? Is she one The Selected too? How could she hear me? How could we connect like that?People rushed out of their rooms and gathered in the hallway as I ran past them. I was heading for the dining room because I knew that’s where Dani and Diego would be. I knew it. It wasn’t even lunch time, but I could feel their energy in the dining room.I rounded the corner and almost ran into Diego in the entrance to the dining hall. I struggled to catch my breath. “She’s in Wadena. My mother is in Wadena. I saw it!”Diego grasped my upper arms and looked directly into my eyes. “The Wadena Compound? Are you sure? Really sure?”“Yes,” I replied between my heaving breaths. “I’ve never been more sure.”Diego looked over my shoulder now at the crowd gathering behind me. He let go of my arms to point at someone. “Get a rescue party together. Call a meeting this afternoon. We’re going to Wadena.”I bent over at the waist, put my hands on my knees, and tried to catch my breath. My mother is going to be safe. We’re going to rescue her. And for the first time in a long time, I felt like everything was going to be all right.Chapter 18My eyes flew open. It took me a moment to orient myself. I laid on my back on the ground, hiding in deep brush. The rest of the rescue party members were scattered around the woods, largely unseen.I rolled over onto my stomach and looked out from my brush bed into the dim lighting. I saw Ethan crouched by a large tree, standing guard. He held a gun in his hand, pointing it out into the woods. He must have heard the same noise that woke me up.I turned my head. Diego lay on his side a few feet away from me. His eyes looked in Ethan’s direction. He heard it too.Diego rolled over onto his stomach and quietly crawled up beside me. “You heard something?” he whispered into my ear.I turned my head toward him and nodded.“Do you know what it is?” he asked.This time I shook my head. In the last two weeks I had discovered that I was a healer, an empath, and that I had some extrasensory powers. But I didn’t know what waited for us out in the dark woods in what used to be central Minnesota.We’d been traveling by horse for the last six days to get up here to Wadena—or at least the compound that stood where the town of Wadena used to exist. Our scouts told us that we were only about ten miles away from the compound. We camped in the cold brush for the night, getting ready to scout out the Wadena compound at first light.I had connected with my mother multiple times over the past few days to see that she was still alive and still at the compound. Those visions came fairly easy to me. But I couldn’t see anything else. And that frustrated me.My powers felt limited. Jon said they were limited because I wasn’t eighteen yet. Most of The Selected didn’t come into their full power until they were eighteen, and that was still a couple months off for me.Now I closed my eyes and tried to “see” what was out there in the darkness. Nothing. I couldn’t see or sense anything. My extrasensory perception gave us no advantage out here. For all I knew, we could be surrounded by the New  Government military right now. We could be the victims of a surprise ambush at any moment.I opened my eyes and focused them back on Ethan. He had his night-vision goggles on. He turned his head from side to side, apparently not looking at any one particular thing. He didn’t know what was out there either.Then I heard it again. A twig snapped. Diego brought his gun up and pointed it toward the direction of the sound. I heard something rustling to my right, in the next brush over. My sister Dani was awake too. I’m sure her gun pointed into the woods as well.I reached into my waistband and took my own gun out. I peered out into the dim woods, looking for any signs of movement.Another twig snapped. I tensed. Was this one person trying to move very slowly through the woods? Or were we dealing with multiple people?I heard a horse snort and blow air through its lips. That could have been one of our horses. We always took their tack off and let them go for the night, so that anyone who found them might assume they were wild horses. But that horse could also belong to whoever was creeping in the woods toward us.I looked over and saw Diego put night-vision goggles on. We only had two pairs, which we had stolen off the New Government soldiers back in the cave. I turned my head to look at Ethan. He wasn’t crouching by the tree anymore—he was already ten feet off the ground and climbing the tree quietly.I looked to my right and saw Dani coming out of the brush just a few feet away. She must have been watching Ethan, because now she was going up a tree too. I almost considered doing the same thing, but then a horse snorted again so close to our camp that I jumped.I gripped my gun with both hands and rested the barrel in the thicket. I’d been in this position before, feeling hunted. Feeling trapped. Nervous. But at least this time there were twelve of us to take on whatever might be coming. And we were spread out enough in these woods that it would be incredibly hard for anyone to surround all of us.“Steady,” Diego whispered to me. He must have noticed my shaky hands. Maybe he somehow read my racing thoughts. “I see someone.”I looked at him and then turned my head to look in the same direction as him. He must have been picking up something with his night-vision goggles, because I still couldn’t see anything.“Three people,” Diego whispered.“On horses?” I asked.“Walking,” he answered as he shifted and repositioned the gun in his hand.“Armed?” I asked.“Yes, with guns out.”With guns out. That meant whoever they were, they must have known we were out here. Even if they didn’t know before, our horse snorting may have given us away. Either way, these people were vigilant. It would be incredibly difficult to surprise them.“Uniforms?” I asked.It seemed like a silly question. The New Government soldiers would be the only ones out here. The Elites stayed in the City—and we were about 180 miles north of the City. The Miasma were forced to stay in the city. The Underground never strayed more than fifteen or twenty miles from The City.“Yes, they’re wearing uniforms,” Diego confirmed.I hoped the other eight members of our rescue party were aware of what was going on. Right now in our camp it would be four against three. We’d have the majority and hopefully the advantage, but we could be injured. We needed all our members to take a stand.“Are they walking together?” I asked.“Yeah,” Diego whispered. “Pretty close together. They’re not splitting up.”That was good. It was actually a little surprising, especially since they had guns drawn, but it was a good thing for us.  It would be easier to take them down at once if they remained close together.I heard rustling, the noise that footsteps make when they’re crunching through dead leaves. And then a moment later I saw them. Scared faces. Young. These weren’t the hardened soldiers I expected to see.“Hold up, hold up, hold up,” I said urgently. “I don’t think those are soldiers.”“Me neither,” Diego said. I saw his head nodding out of the corner of my eye.Just then I heard the loud cracking of branches. Ethan came crashing through the treetop from his hidden vantage point, landing on his back a few feet behind the newcomers.The three young people whirled around to face Ethan. Their backs were to me now, so I couldn’t see their faces. But I could see Ethan. His gun had landed about five feet away from him. He lay on the ground, grimacing, with his hands in the air.I crawled on my hands and knees and fought my way out of the deep brush.“Hang on!” I yelled at the young people. “Don’t shoot!”I sprinted toward the group just as they all whirled around to look at me. I shoved my gun quickly into the back waistband of my pants and raised my arms high.“Don’t shoot, don’t shoot. We mean you no harm,” I assured them.I heard a rustling noise up in the tree right behind me. Dani. I hoped she would hold her fire too.Two of the boys pointed their pistols right at my chest. The other male in their group had turned back toward Ethan, who clenched his teeth in obvious pain.I didn’t know whether to categorize them as boys or men. I guessed they were around seventeen, eighteen, maybe nineteen years old, which technically made them men. But the fear in their eyes belonged to boys. Inexperienced boys. Boys who were way out of their element.“Look,” I said as I pointed at my black, grungy clothing. “We’re from the Underground. We’re not government. We’re not soldiers.”One of the boys squinted his eyes and looked up and down my body. A little flicker of relief lit up his eyes. Perhaps it just dawned on him that a seventeen-year-old girl dressed in ragged, oversized clothing couldn’t possibly be part of the New Government … especially a girl standing in the middle of the woods in the middle of nowhere.The blond boy who had been eyeing me nodded. He lowered his gun. The darker-haired boy next to him followed suit. He elbowed the third boy who took his gun off of Ethan, turned toward me, and then lowered his weapon.“My name is Rory, and that fellow behind you is Ethan,” I said. I turned and looked over my shoulder while pointing up into a nearby three. “The girl up there is my sister, Dani.” I looked over my shoulder to see Diego emerging from the brush. “That’s Diego.”The blond boy gave another slight head nod. “I’m Troy. Then he pointed to the darker-haired boy next to him. “That’s my brother Sebastian … and my brother Martin,” he said as he pointed at the third boy.“You hungry?” I knew the answer to that. The boys looked thin and wan to me.“Yeah,” Troy said quietly. His eyes dropped to look at the ground.“Come,” I said as I gestured to a place on the ground. “Sit and let’s eat.”***Some of the other members of our rescue team had heard the commotion, come out of their hiding places and talked to the boys for a while. Now everyone else had drifted back to their hiding places, except for Dani and Ethan, who stood watch.Diego and I sat with the boys and watched them eat. They quickly ate all the bread, cheese, and venison jerky that we offered them. I could tell by looking in their eyes that they wanted more. I knew that look because when I was in prison I felt the same way: starving, all the time, no matter how much I ate. I still felt that way most days. But at least now I usually got all I needed to eat and had largely regained my strength.“Were you in a labor camp?” I asked the boys.Troy nodded. He seemed to be the leader of this group, as he did most of the talking.“And did you steal those uniforms and guns to escape?” I pressed.“Yeah,” Troy said. “We’ve been running for five days now.”“Five days?” This surprised me. I assumed they came from the Wadena compound, the same place where the New Government held my mother. “So you weren’t held in Wadena?”Martin shook his head. “No, we were in a camp beyond Wadena. But we passed awfully close to it earlier this afternoon.”“Is anyone following you?” I asked.“I don’t know,” Troy answered as he rubbed the inside of his food bowl with his finger and then licked his finger clean. “You’re the first people we’ve seen.”“What were you doing in the camp?” Diego asked.I knew why he asked this question. If these kids weren’t high-profile prisoners, then the New Government probably wasn’t pursuing them. We were so far in the middle of nowhere that the kids were likely to die from starvation, thirst, the elements, or even a wild animal attack before they got back to the City.“We were in the camp because of our parents. The soldiers said we were in prison to pay off our parents’ crimes,” Troy answered.“What crimes?” Diego asked as he leaned back against an old fallen tree.“They spoke out against the New Government. It wasn’t even a big deal. They just said something about how it would be nice if the New Government was more democratic and more transparent. Except …” Troy trailed off and looked down into his empty bowl.Sebastian looked over at us, his long wavy bangs falling into his eyes. “Except we were members of the Elite. At least up until three months ago. Now I don’t know what we are.”Of course. The New Government was very good to the Elite, unless the Elite said one bad word about the New Government. People didn’t even have to say horrible things about the New Government. If they questioned the New Government at all, if they showed even the slightest hint of dissent on any matter—no matter how small—the people were punished.“And what happened to your parents?” I asked, even though I was afraid to hear the answer. These kids had been through so much: imprisonment, starvation, slavery. I hated to even remind them about what might have happened to their parents.“They’re still in the City as far as we know,” Troy answered. He shrugged and looked back down into his empty bowl.“In a prison?” I asked. At least they weren’t dead. At least these boys had hope.Troy shook his head. When he looked back up at me, I could see that his eyes glistened. “No. They’re not imprisoned.”I could feel my eyebrows knit in confusion. “Where are they?”“At home,” Troy answered quietly. He looked back down at his bowl. His hand came up quickly and brushed against this cheek, probably to wipe away a tear.Sebastian nodded with his jaw set. “Our parents were given a choice of punishment. They could go to the labor camps and work off their punishment. Or they could send their kids in their place. They sent us.”My jaw dropped. I glanced over at Diego.  A look of disbelief spread over his face. I shook my head. None of the boys could see our disbelief, because they were all looking down. I think they felt ashamed.“So your parents weren’t directly punished?” I asked gently.Troy’s head swept from side to side. “No. They chose us to work off their crimes. They chose this. They sent us off to the camp knowing full well what would happen to us.”“Yeah,” Sebastian said. I could hear the bitterness in his voice. “They’re still sitting up in the big house on Pleasant Drive, sipping champagne every night. They’re still going out to the opera in their fancy clothes and dining with their friends. But they sent us out to work off their crimes so that they wouldn’t miss a single important social invitation.”I continued to shake my head. My parents had often talked about how the Elite were selfish. I always assumed they meant it in a general way—that the Elite weren’t willing to give up their lifestyles in order to help the Miasma or the Underground. Now it shook me to the core to find out that the Elite—at least this particular family—were so selfish that they would choose to have their kids go to a prison camp to work off the parents’ crimes.“How long was the sentence?” I asked.“No one knows,” Troy answered. “But some of the kids we talked to at the camps had been there for years. And hardly anyone knew of stories about kids going home.”“Yeah,” Martin interrupted. “And where would we go even if the New Government let us out? People who go to prison become part of the Underground. We couldn’t go back to Pleasant Drive. Our parents would renounce us. The community would shun us.”“That’s horrible,” I heard Diego mumbling under his breath. I don’t think the kids heard him. But even if they did, it’s not like they would be surprised. I think they probably thought the same thing.“Well, you’re with us now,” I assured them. “We’ve come to Wadena to rescue someone, and when we’re done with that we’re going back to the Underground headquarters. You’ll be safe there.” I leaned over and touched Martin’s hand.Diego nodded in agreement as he stood up. “Yeah, you’re okay. Now let’s see about finding you some kind of bed for the night.”Chapter 19“This isn’t going to be easy,” I said quietly to Diego and two of our scouts.I peered through binoculars at the Wadena compound. It looked just like my vision, with about a dozen shacks surrounding a larger building, all spread out over dozens of acres. This was my confirmation that we were in the right place where the New Government held my mother, Sarah.A high fence made of barbed wire surrounded the compound. Obviously the New Government didn’t build this fence for privacy purposes, as anyone could observe the camp. Instead, they built this fence to keep their prisoners inside. And I had no doubt the fence served its purpose well, as it was clearly an electric fence. Anyone who touched a live wire would be severely electrocuted if not killed. Diego looked through his own high-powered binoculars at the camp, which was about half a mile away. “Are you thinking something at night?” I asked.“I don’t know. We’ll have to watch it for a while to see if we can figure out any patterns,” he said. I counted at least six soldiers moving through the compound. It was daylight now, about noon. “I certainly hope the compound quiets down at night,” I said.“We also need to figure out which building your mother is in.” Diego said lowered his binoculars.He was right, of course. We couldn’t just burst into the compound with guns blazing or anything. We needed to do this quietly, hopefully under the cover of darkness. We wouldn’t have time to look around for her. We’d have to know where she was at the moment we broke into the compound. We’d need to plan.We didn’t plan to break into the compound tonight anyway. Maybe tomorrow night—like thirty-six hours or so from now—but only if the scouts had gathered enough information. They were going to watch the camp all day and night to learn as much as they could.“Okay, let’s go,” Diego said as he turned around and started walking back into the woods.I got up and followed him. The scouts stayed put, their binoculars pressed to their faces. They’d stay here until tonight, when another pair of scouts would relieve them. Meanwhile, Diego and I would go back to the camp to draw pictures of the compound, share our findings, and start planning the rescue.“Do you still feel her?” Diego asked as we walked side by side with our boots rustling the dead autumn leaves.“Yeah,” I answered. I knew he was referring to my mother. “I felt her really strong just now when I was looking out over the camp. She’s definitely there.”“Good,” Diego said. He left it at that. We’d need to walk in silence now, just in case there was anyone else out in these woods. We didn’t know enough about the Wadena compound to know whether the New Government went out on patrol.Our camp had moved a little closer to the Wadena compound in the very early hours of the morning. Now instead of a ten-mile walk, we only had to walk five miles to get back to camp. Even if the New Government did patrol the woods, we hoped that they wouldn’t be patrolling a radius of five miles.We were only about a half mile away from camp when Diego suddenly grabbed my upper arm and dragged me off behind a tree. My heart instantly pounded in my chest.“Shit,” Diego whispered.I crouched low to the ground and peered around the tree. New Government soldiers in black uniforms with red stripes and buttons. Two soldiers. Armed. Close to us.I pulled my head back behind the tree to hide. I didn’t think they had seen us. They didn’t seem to have any idea that anyone else was in the woods. I heard them talking and laughing. I could smell their cigarette smoke.Were these soldiers patrolling? Were they out looking for Martin, Sebastian, and Troy?I risked another quick look at them. I could see their sidearms tucked safely away in their holsters. One soldier held a branch and used it to idly trace the bark of a nearby tree. These guys weren’t aware of their surroundings at all, which was good for us.I pulled my head back and looked at Diego. I raised my eyebrows. It was a question. I was asking him what he thought we should do.He slipped his knife from his belt and gestured at my waist for me to do the same. No guns. We couldn’t alert anyone.Diego pulled me close to his ear. “We need to just wait them out. If we kill them, they’ll be missed. And then the New Government will send out a search party.”He was right, of course. If these guys weren’t looking for the boys, then they’d have no reason to hang around in the woods too long. Maybe this was just a regular patrol. Maybe they weren’t looking for anyone or anything in particular. Maybe these guys weren’t even on duty.I edged my head back around the tree and watched the soldiers. They were walking now. Laughing. Talking. They weren’t looking around. The more I watched them, the more relaxed I became. These guys weren’t paying attention to anything. They weren’t a threat.Then I saw something moving about three hundred feet beyond the soldiers. I lifted my binoculars. “Oh, no,” I hissed.I felt Diego’s hand on my shoulder. I turned to look at him. “It’s Dani and Ethan,” I said. “About a hundred yards up from the soldiers.”Diego lifted his binoculars and looked from his side of the tree trunk. I did the same. Dani and Ethan walked silently, just like all our rescue party was trained to do. But they hadn’t yet spotted the soldiers. They hadn’t heard them.A voice inside my head screamed, “Get down, get down, get down!” I wished there was a way to warn them. But any signal or any noise would only draw attention to us. And then the soldiers would quickly find out about all of us.“Oh, god,” I muttered under my breath.The soldiers probably couldn’t see Dani, because she was hidden from their view behind a thicket. But I estimated that in about four or five paces she would emerge to a place where she would be in plain view. And all it would take is for one soldier to see movement out of the corner of his eye.I inhaled a quick breath. And then it happened …Dani stepped into the clearing. The soldier noticed her just as she noticed him. The soldier yelled something—I didn’t understand what—and both he and his partner drew their sidearms. Dani ducked. I couldn’t see Ethan, but I hoped he was already hidden.I got up and started sprinting toward the soldiers with my knife drawn. I could hear Diego snapping twigs with his footsteps a few feet behind me. I pointed back toward Diego and then toward the man on my right, hoping Diego would understand the signal: he’d take the guy on the right and I’d take down the one on the left.The soldier continued yelling short, staccato words—probably something like “stop,” but possibly in another language. I couldn’t tell. It seemed like everything was getting muffled again. Sounds overlapped. My heart pounded in my ear.We closed the distance fast. I raised up my knife and pushed my body to go hard for those last few paces. The soldier directly in front of me started to turn just as I reached him. I plunged the knife into his back with all my might. A second later I heard a groan off to my right and I knew Diego had found his mark too.My soldier cried out and crumpled to the ground. I looked up for a moment to see Ethan and Dani racing toward us. I pulled out the knife and plunged it again. My hand vibrated with the shock of the knife abruptly hitting bone. The soldier grabbed at my ankle now, his gun lying just a few feet beyond him, uselessly.I kicked at him, but his grip was too strong. He yanked hard and I fell to the ground. I tried to crawl out of his reach, but he clung to my ankle. I turned my body to face him and kicked at his hands, his face, his body. Animalistic grunts poured out of him. He sounded wild. I just wanted him to shut up, to be quiet, so he wouldn’t alert any more soldiers in the woods.Suddenly Dani appeared, standing behind the soldier with a long blade in her hand. She grabbed him by the chin, tilted his head back and drew the shining blade across the flesh on his neck.His screams died in his throat as Dani’s knife sliced through his voice box. I turned my head to look away. I couldn’t stand to see the blood pouring out his neck. I didn’t want to see the pleading look on the face of a man who knew he was dying. I couldn’t watch the life leaving his eyes. Not again. Especially since I was supposed to be a healer now.I crawled away a few feet, dropped my head into my bloody hands, and cried. It was the only sound I could hear, because both soldiers lay dead.***After we hid the soldiers’ bodies, Ethan and Dani went to tell the scouts that the rescue would take place just as soon as it grew dark, which was only about five hours from now. Likewise, Diego and I went back to the camp to prepare the rest of the team for my mother’s rescue.“There’s no choice, we have to rescue Sarah tonight,” Diego said to the group gathered around us. “These woods are going to be crawling with New Government forces looking for their missing soldiers.”I crouched down in the center of the group and unrolled a map of the area.  We’d need to have an escape route and at least one backup route. We’d need to have a place to hide Sebastian, Troy, and Martin. We’d need to have a clear plan for sneaking into the camp, finding my mother, and getting out undetected.“We’re not going to storm the camp,” Diego continued as he crouched down next to me. “It’s too risky. We need to slip in and out as quickly as possible.”I looked up at the faces looking down at us. These faces looked grim, yet determined. No one smiled. Their eyes lacked any shine. These people weren’t under any illusion that the mission would be easy. They knew we wouldn’t all be going home alive.I remained crouched while Diego stood up to began outlining the plan. We hoped the scouts would provide us with more information by tonight, but for now we did have a plan in place.  Diego pointed at various members of our rescue team and gave them their orders.  The group disbanded as they started to prepare for the rescue.“Am I going to be with you, Diego?” I asked. Diego hadn’t given me any orders.“No. It’s too risky.  You’ll start heading home with Troy, Sebastian and Martin.”I looked up at him. My jaw slackened. “But she’s my mother,” I said. I stood up too so I wouldn’t feel so small. Even then he stood a good foot taller than me.Diego set his jaw and spoke quietly. “We needed you on this rescue mission to make sure we had the right compound. But there’s no way we’re going to risk your life for this mission.”“You need me now, too!” My voice rose. “I can help you.”Diego shook his head. “I’m sorry. It’s just too risky.” He turned his back to me and started walking away.I clenched my fists. I wasn’t a child, but right about now I felt like one. I could handle myself during the mission. Had Diego already forgotten what I had done in the cave? Was his memory so short that he forgot that I just fought alongside him an hour ago to take out those two soldiers?I took a few quick steps toward him and grabbed his elbow. He turned to face me. “You can’t force me to sit this one out,” I said through a tightened jaw.Diego’s face softened. He put his hands gently on my upper arms and looked deeply into my eyes. “Of course I can’t force you to do anything, Aurora,” he said quietly. “But you’re one of the last remaining members of The Selected. We can’t afford to lose you. I can’t afford to lose you. I would never forgive myself if something happened to you.”I searched his eyes. He looked at me tenderly now, and I realized it wasn’t just about me being one of The Selected.  Diego really cared for me. Maybe he even felt the same love that I felt for him, but I didn’t have enough experience with these feelings to really understand how he might feel. I just knew that I wanted to be around him every chance I got, even if that meant putting my life in danger. I would sooner die fighting next to him than be holed up in some hideout not knowing where he was.“I know why you don’t want me along, Diego.” I softened my voice too as I reached up to touch his cheek. “But it’s not your job to protect me, and—““Actually, it is, Aurora,” Diego interrupted. “It IS my job to protect you. The entire Underground and everyone who’s part of the Revolution has sworn to protect you. You’re one of the reasons the Revolution even exists.”I took a step back and Diego’s arms fell to his side. “What do you mean I’m one of the reasons the Revolution even exists?”“Don’t you know, Aurora?” Diego asked. “The reason why there are so few of The Selected is because the New Government experiments on your members. And eventually they will kill you so that you can’t use your power against them.  The Revolution started as a way to protect you, but it grew much larger, to overthrow the entire government.  But it started because of people like you.”“I wouldn’t have to use my healing power if they weren’t trying to kill us,” I said bitterly. I thought back to my father’s wounds, and what happened to Levi in the cave.“Aurora, do you think the only thing you can do is heal? You are much more powerful than that. When you turn eighteen, you’re going to be a huge threat to the New Government. We don’t even know what all you can do yet.” Diego pulled his upper lip between his teeth and shook his head, almost as if he was considering the vast possibilities.I was beginning to understand why Diego was so reluctant to even bring me on this trip, and why he was so adamant about me staying behind and not being a part of the rescue. It made sense. We didn’t even know my true power yet. We wouldn’t know the full extent of my gift for a couple months. I was a threat. And a target.  But I still wanted to be a part of my mother’s rescue.“Okay, Diego,” I said quietly.I was placating Diego with that word. I wasn’t about to sit on the sidelines, not for this mission. They needed me. If my mother, Dani, Diego, Ethan, or anyone else got hurt, they needed me to save them. I’m the only one out here who could provide something even better than first aid.Diego nodded slightly. His brows were slightly furrowed, like he wanted to say more. I knew he didn’t believe that I would be hanging back during the mission.He was right, of course.Chapter 20Greenish storm clouds started forming on the horizon before dusk. The thunder boomed in the distance and lightning bursts lit up the clouds.  I didn’t think the rain would hinder the escape. If anything, the rescuers might be able to use it as sound cover.I was already riding away from the Wadena compound with Troy, Sebastian, Martin, and two other members of our rescue team.  Diego, Ethan, Dani and the rest of the group were heading toward the compound. Diego had made sure I left camp before they headed toward Wadena.Their plan was simple. One member of the team would wear a Faraday suit and cut the electric-fence wires. The Faraday suit would protect the cutter from electrocution by redirecting the charge away from the cutter’s body. Once the wires were cut, the other members of the rescue team would rush into the compound, locate my mother, and then bring her to safety.An uncertain feeling settled in my gut. Too much could go wrong. The wires might be hooked up to an alarm, which would signal the guards that the fence had been compromised. The guards could spot the team. Maybe the team wouldn’t even find my mother. Maybe they’d all be killed. I felt sick just thinking about it.Troy, who was riding his horse next to me, interrupted my thoughts. “What happened to your thumb?”I looked over at him and smiled. How much should I tell him? I doubt that anything I said would shock him.  “The guards at the labor camp took it,” I answered.Troy turned his head to look forward while curling his fingers around his horse’s dark mane. He nodded. He looked thoughtful. I wondered what he had seen in his labor camp.“Were you ever interrogated at the prison, Troy?” I asked.“No,” Troy answered. He glanced over his shoulder at Sebastian and Martin, who rode behind us on a single horse.  “But they made us work in the fields and woods, digging holes. That was hard work.”My eyebrows shot up. “You dug holes too?”He turned to look at me again and nodded. “Every day.” He raised his hand so I could see his palm. It was blistered and calloused, just like mine had been.“Me too. They made us dig holes. I don’t know why. Maybe just to wear us down,” I replied.“No, there was a reason, at least for us,” Troy said as he stroked his horse’s neck. “We were looking for something.”“What?” I shifted in my saddle so I could face him more easily.“I don’t know all the details, but I overheard the guards talking. They were talking about weapons. Big weapons,” Troy replied.“They’re looking for a weapons cache?”“Not exactly,” Troy said. “They’re looking for a large chest that’s buried somewhere around here, in what used to be the state of Minnesota.  The chest is supposed to contain one weapon. It was buried years ago because the people who developed the weapon didn’t want it to get into the wrong hands.”“What kind of weapon?”Troy shook his head. “I don’t know. But the way the guards were talking, it would change the world.”My stomach dropped. I grabbed onto the horn of my saddle to steady myself. I couldn’t imagine what the New Government needed with any more weapons. After the Big War twenty years ago, two thirds of the world’s population was wiped out. The remaining world leaders had all agreed to destroy their big weapons, pretty much everything except the guns.Those who survived the Big War were mainly primitive people who lived in the brush in what used to be Australia or the jungles of South America. The United States was largely destroyed. Communication systems, computers, infrastructure… all gone. The survivors—people like my parents—were working to rebuild. They were making good progress, at least until the New Government came into power.What did the New Government need with big weapons? The only thing I could think of is that they were getting ready for the Revolution. And if they intended to use such big weapons, then they also planned on leaving no survivors.***              About thirty minutes later the thunder boomed overhead and the lightning cracked across the sky in angry streaks. I could feel the electricity ominously charging the air. The roiling storm clouds seemed to churn my gut. The rain was just starting to come down, lightly, but the clouds looked like they would unleash a torrent soon.It was almost dark now as the sun had just set, so I knew the rescue would be underway within an hour. I felt uneasy. I thought about how we had been riding at a fairly slow gait for about forty-five minutes. If I galloped back, I could join the rescuers before they cut the wires and slipped into the camp. I could help.I bit my lip and wrapped the reins around my hand. Diego would be mad if I came back. But I couldn’t live with myself if something happened to any of them and I wasn’t there. And what if something happened to my mother? I couldn’t bear the thought of never seeing her again.The lightning cracked overhead, momentarily lighting up the green clouds and the forest below.  The hairs on my arms and on the back of my neck stood up. I felt a tingle rush across my skin.I pulled the reins up and turned around. “I’m going back,” I told the surprised boys and the two members of the rescue team. “You keep going forward according to the plan.”“But, Aurora—“ one of the rescuers objected.“No. I’ve decided. There’s no discussion on this,” I snapped.I dug my heels into my horse’s side and took off at a full gallop back through the woods.  The rain was coming down in sheets now. I pulled the big hood of my black jacket up, kept my head down, and kept going.Heat lightning lit the sky almost continuously, which also helped light the path back through the forest. The thunder rumbled constantly too, like one hundred cannons blasting off in the middle of a war.  Streaks of white lightning snaked down from the sky. I heard a loud lighting crack to my right, and I turned to see the yellow leaves atop a white ash treetop bursting into flame. I dug my heels in a little harder. The horse snorted and bared down.It didn’t take long to reach the area where we had camped. Once I got within a couple miles of the Wadena compound, I slowed down so as not to attract attention if there were any guards looking for their missing soldiers. The torrential rain covered all sounds. I couldn’t hear anyone in the forest, but that also meant they couldn’t hear me.I dismounted when I got within one-half mile of the compound. I’d go on foot now. The horse would attract too much attention. He was too big to glide through the forest undetected.I moved quickly along the forest floor, pausing during the brightest lightning strikes to look around. When I got close to the compound, I could see members of the rescue team sitting about two hundred yards away. The one with the Faraday suit looked like he was getting ready to sneak down to cut the wires of the electric fence.I had to be careful now. No one knew I was coming. They might kill me if I surprised them. So I did the only thing I could think of that would let them know it was me: I hooted like an owl.I doubted those near the compound could hear me. But I knew there were rescue team members hidden here in the trees on lookout.  Despite the downpour, I dropped my hood to make my identity known, and I kept hooting as I made my way slowly towards the compound.I looked around. I didn’t see anyone. But the hairs stood up on the back my neck again. It wasn’t just the lightning this time. Someone was watching me. I raised my arms up and turned around very slowly. If it was a New Government soldier watching me, they had the advantage no matter what I did. If it was a member of my rescue team, I wanted him to know it was me.The continuous heat lightning was dying away now, so only the streak lightning lit up the forest. The lightning cracked, the forest floor lit up, and just for a moment I could see a tall figure running toward me through the sheets of rain. He was close. The lightning extinguished and I was left in the dark, unable to see where he went.Seconds later someone tackled me and knocked me to the ground, face up.  A gloved hand wrapped around the base of my throat, pressing hard so I gasped for air. I felt the sharp blade of a knife pushing into my neck.I tried to cry out, but the hand strangled the sound. I pushed against the man’s chest as hard as I could. My head started to spin. Stars flashed behind my closed eyelids. I was going to black out.I was going to run out of oxygen. This man was going to kill me.I gathered my last bit of energy and bucked my pelvis up to try to throw the man off of my body. He held me down. I pushed against his chest as hard as I could with both arms. The hand wrapped around my throat loosened, just for a second, as he struggled to regain his balance. But even as I drew in a big gulp of oxygen, I could feel the blade of the knife starting to cut into my throat.“It’s me, Rory!” I cried. The sound came out strangled as I gasped for air.The lightning cracked again and lit up the body of the man sitting on top of me. Immediately I recognized Ethan’s white-blond hair peeking out from under his black stocking cap. I couldn’t pick out any other details. The rain and the lack of oxygen blurred my vision.“Aurora!” he said as he let go of my neck and dropped the knife. He rolled off of me quickly. “What are you doing here? I almost killed you!”I sat up, coughed a few times, and then pulled in several deep breaths. I touched the sore spot in the base of my throat where my embedded medallion lay. “I had to come,” I offered as an explanation.“My god, Aurora,” Ethan said as placed a comforting hand on my back. “Are you okay? I’m so sorry.”I raised my hand to touch the spot on my neck where the knife sliced into my skin. I felt a warm spot where blood trickled from the wound. “I’m okay.”Lightning lit up the sky as Ethan stood up and offered a hand to help me up. He rubbed his other hand across the back of his neck. He bit his lip.  “I’m truly sorry,” he said again.“I’m okay. It’s okay,” I assured him.“I didn’t recognize you. I thought—““It’s okay, Ethan. Really. That was my fault.” Then, to change the subject, I added, “Let’s go meet up with the others.”***Diego and Dani weren’t pleased to see me. I don’t think Diego was surprised, but he certainly wasn’t happy. I knew I was jeopardizing his main mission, which was to keep me safe. But my main mission was to help free my mother and get everyone out alive. No matter what he said about The Selected, I didn’t feel like my life was any more important than anyone else’s.We watched in silence, under the cover of thick brush, as the rescue team member in the Faraday suit went down to cut the wires. I held my breath. Diego and the wire cutter wore our only two pairs of night-vision goggles.  The rest of us could only see his progress when the lightning lit up the sky.My shoulders tensed. I’d never seen anyone try anything like this. I knew the electrical fence had a strong voltage. I could sense it. It crawled under my skin. I felt charged up, on edge, because of both the lightning bursts and being so near to the fence.The man in the Faraday suit positioned his wire cutters. A lightning strike later and I saw that he still hadn’t moved. He hesitated. He seemed unsure. If they were wrong about the Faraday suit, if it didn’t conduct the electricity away from the man’s body, then he would likely die very quickly as soon as his cutters touched the wire.At the next lightning strike, he raised his hand. That was his signal. He was going to cut the wire now. After it happened, the rescue team would move in fast, get through the opening, and split up to find my mother.At the next lightning strike the main in the Faraday suit clamped down on the cutters. Sparks showered from the wires. Then both the sparks and lightning disappeared, leaving me to wonder if the man survived. Did the Faraday suit work?The lightning lit up the sky again.  The man was already inside the compound. The rest of the rescue members ducked and ran through the three cut wires, being careful not to touch the live wires higher up. Everyone fanned out and split up.I remained hidden. It was hard to see what was going on through the sheets of rain, and I continued to only be able to see when lightning lit up the sky. The camp had some lights, but they were dim beneath this downpour.It was hard to hear anything except the thunder, wind, and rain. I wondered if there were alarms going off. I knew some of our rescue team members were in charge of locating and cutting alarm wires. Everyone else was supposed to quickly and quietly kill any guards they encountered as they searched for my mother.A crack of lightning struck close, so close that I could smell the burning wood of the tree it hit. It rained too hard for the tree to catch fire. The hair stood up on the back of my neck again. My head warmed for a moment, as if the lightning had come so close as to glance off the top of my head. I looked up and then pulled the hood of my jacket a little tighter to my head. It offered no protection, but somehow it made me feel just a little less scared in this thunderstorm.Another lighting burst lit up the camp. Two guards ran with their guns drawn. One guard lay on the ground, hurt or maybe even dead.The lightning disappeared and darkened the camp. But in my mind I could see my mother. I could see her. She knew we were here. She tried to get out of the room they held her in. The rescue team members were going the wrong way. They didn’t know where she was. They’d miss her and everyone would be killed if they didn’t hurry.I rose up from my hidden position and sprinted toward the hole in the fence. I crouched low and moved as quickly as I could through the cut wires.  It wasn’t just an electrical fence—it was barbed too. It was designed to catch people and then kill them through electrocution.Just as I crawled through and cleared the wires, a lightning bolt hit the ground right in front of me. I fell to my stomach and covered my hands with my head.  My hood felt warm. Singed. I felt like my head would have burst into flame if my hood wasn’t so thoroughly drenched from the rain.I got up and ran. Another flash of lightning hit a lamppost about twenty feet in front of me.  It lit up with a surge of electricity and then showered me in sparks. The sparks fizzled out fast in the rain, and the lamp went dark.Another lightning strike illuminated the camp and I paused to look around, trying to figure out which building held my mother. Then I shut my eyelids. My physical eyes were of no use no to me now. They only confused me. I had to trust myself.I ran with my eyes closed, trusting my intuition. I sensed where to put my feet. I sensed which direction to run. And then suddenly I could see the exact building in my mind. I opened my eyes and at the next flash of lightning I recognized the building just one hundred feet in front of me.I waited behind another building for a few seconds, trying to see what was near my mother’s building. There were no lights inside the small, wooden cabin. The single dim lamppost nearby didn’t give me enough illumination to see clearly in this rain.Seconds later the lightning lit up the camp again. There were no guards around my mother’s building. They were all running to a point beyond this building. I saw members of my rescue team running too. A wave of sadness swept over me when I realized I’d never see some of my team members again. They were going to die in this camp. I knew this deep in my gut.Focus, Rory.I crossed the one-hundred foot distance as quickly as I could. Just as my hand touched the door knob, a streak of lightning hit the cabin. The bolt cracked and the charge rushed down the building’s frame. I pulled my hand away from the knob, and a small blue arc of electricity jumped out and licked at my fingers.I shook my hand to shake away the tingling, and then tried the door knob again. It burned my hand. I pulled my sleeve down over my stinging hand and tried again--locked. I pushed my shoulder against the door. Once. Twice. Three times. My shoulder ached but the door didn’t budge.Then a strong arm pushed me away. Diego. He threw his body into the door twice. Nothing. The door didn’t budge for him either.He held up his gun. “Get back,” he yelled over the downpour.I moved away a few feet and turned my back to the building.  A streak of lightning lit up the camp.  A guard ran toward us, just two hundred feet away. I turned my head back toward Diego and yelled, “Hurry, Diego! A guard!”I crouched down and steadied my gun with both hands. The guard was going to have to get closer before I could see him well enough in the dim camp lighting to shoot him. Behind me, I heard three quick cracks of Diego’s pistol as he shot through the door and its lock. Then Diego loomed over me.I looked up to see his outstretched arms over my head. A fire flashed from the barrel of his gun and I cringed at the loud bang. I looked back at the guard. The lightning lit up the camp. The guard had fallen onto the ground. He didn’t move.I scrambled to my feet as Diego threw open the door to my mother’s cabin. My mother ran out. Diego pulled at her elbow, yelling at her to get running. I ran to her and threw my arms around her shoulders. She hugged me back, tightly.  She was so thin. I felt a catch in my throat.“Rory, I knew you’d come. I knew,” my mother said into my ear.“Let’s go,” Diego yelled as he pointed behind us with his gun. “This way!”I took my jacket off and wrapped it around my mother’s shoulders. She slipped her arms through the sleeves and pulled up the hood. Then we ran.Diego led the way, and I dropped behind my mother so that she was between us. The compound grounds felt muddy and slippery beneath my boots. We ran alongside buildings and tried to keep out of sight.We came to the last building that stood nearest the hole in the fence. Diego peered around the corner. The lightning lit up the sky. When it darkened, he turned to face us.“Guards. Maybe five or six of them. They’re standing right next to the hole.” His voice sounded strained.Shit.We hadn’t thought this through very well. We had no contingency plan for if the guards found our escape route. The compound was so large—dozens of acres—that it never occurred to me that the guards would find a tiny hole along several miles of fencing. But they had found it. And they were blocking our only way out of this the compound.“Can we overpower them?” I asked.“No,” Diego answered loudly.Sheets of rain pounded us. I shivered without my heavy jacket. Diego looked cold too, as only a lightweight black sweatshirt covered his arms. He probably didn’t want to wear anything heavier so he wouldn’t get tangled in the barbs of the electric fence. Not that any of that mattered now. We were trapped.“What now?” I asked.My mother reached over and brushed the drenched hair away from my face. “Save yourself, Rory. We might be able to get you out of here if we create a distraction,” she said.I shook my head. “We’re either all leaving here together or we’re all dying together,” I said through a clenched jaw.The sick feeling rose up in my gut again. I was already afraid that we’d lost some of our rescue team. I felt helpless. I was a healer; I should be able to save them. But I put us all at risk if I ran around the camp looking for injured members of the rescue team.“Can we cut the power to the fence?” I asked.“If we knew where the main electrical switch was, then yeah,” Diego answered. “The rescue team will cut the power if someone finds it.”We couldn’t very well just sit here and wait for an event that may never happen. We could all get killed before someone was able to find cut the switch. Or they may never find the switch.I started to ask if there was any way out, maybe a gate, when my mother grabbed my arm. I turned to face her. Her eyes widened. She pointed in the direction opposite of the fence. Someone was running straight toward us.I pulled in a breath. If we shot this person, or if he shot at us, we’d draw the attention of the nearby soldiers. I raised my hand over my brow to shield my eyes from the rain. I squinted, trying to make out the figure underneath the sparse lighting of the compound.“It’s Ethan,” I said. Even I heard the relief in my voice. Then, turning to my mother I said, “Ethan is one of us.” I felt my mother’s hand relax and she loosened her grip on my forearm.Moments later, Ethan dropped into a crouch alongside us. “I saw the guards at the fence,” he said between heavy breaths. “We’ll go the opposite direction.”I didn’t know what Ethan had in mind. But since we didn’t have a plan, moving away from this heavy concentration of guards sounded good to me.  The guards expected us to leave through the hole or maybe the front gate. Most of the guards would be gathered in those two areas.Ethan led the way this time, followed by me, my mother and Diego behind us.  We ran from one building to the next, with Ethan peering around corners and taking us in different directions to avoid guards.The rain started to lighten up, and I could hear muffled gunshots in the camp. Every gunshot made my stomach drop. I clenched my teeth and kept running. We’d passed two bodies of our rescue team. I recognized one of them as the wire cutter wearing the Faraday suit. Numerous guards laid face down in the mud. We kept running.I hadn’t seen Dani yet. She was supposed to be stationed outside the compound with the horses, which would keep her relatively safe. I just hoped she didn’t come barreling into the compound like I did. I hoped she had the discipline to stay by the trees and carry out her orders.We came to yet another building, and Ethan looked around the corner. Then he turned back toward us. “No guards,” he reported. He sounded relieved.I crouched low, moved forward, and peered around the building to see where Ethan had brought us. We were in a fairly deserted area of the compound. We were near the fence, but I didn’t see any way to get over the fence—no gates, no trees to climb, no way to vault over, no way to crawl under without getting electrocuted.“What’s your plan?” I asked.Ethan looked over at Diego and nodded. Diego put his hand on my shoulder. “We’ll get you through,” Diego answered as he looked first at me and then my mother.“What’s your plan?” The words came out strained as panic crawled up my throat. I shook my head from side to side.  I had an idea of where this was headed. I didn’t like it. I covered my mouth with my hand.My mother touched my arm again, but she didn’t look at me. She knew too. She knew the plan. “Let’s do it,” she said quietly to Ethan and Diego.Ethan gripped me by both of my shoulders and leaned toward me. “Are you ready?” he asked. “You’re going to have to be very quick. You can’t stop for anything. No matter what happens, don’t stop. Okay?”“What are you going to do?” I looked up at his wet face and dripping blond hair. “Don’t stop, Aurora,” Ethan said. He kissed my cheek. Then he turned around and sprinted toward the fence.“Oh, god! Oh--” I screamed.Diego stood behind me and clamped one hand over my mouth and wrapped his other arm around my chest, pulling me tightly to him. I struggled against his body, trying to free myself and chase after Ethan. I knew what he was going to do. I knew it. He planned to short the fence.I screamed again, but the sound was muffled in Diego’s large hand.  Ethan reached the fence. He glanced over his shoulder at us. He paused and crouched slightly. Then he threw his upper body over the bottom two wires of the fence.A brilliant blue arc of electricity snapped and crackled between the wires, Ethan, and the ground. His body bucked and danced and jumped on the wires, but the barbs must have caught him and held him tight, because he didn’t fall off the fence. He looked like a limp puppet riding a bucking bull.I cried out again into Diego’s hand and I reached my arm out, even though Ethan was at least forty feet away from us. I struggled to break free. My upper body strained against Diego’s strong hold. I tried to run, but Diego held me tight. He tried to turn me around, to shield me from the horrific scene, but I wouldn’t let him.Sparks flew off the wires. Tears stung at my eyes and I could feel the electricity moving through my body too.  Ethan’s black stocking cap and white-blond hair caught on fire. I could smell it. I could smell the singed hair. But I didn’t know if it was Ethan’s. My hair felt like it was burning up too. Maybe it was mine.“Let me go!” I screamed into Diego’s hand, but the words were so muffled that I doubted he could understand them. I pulled against Diego’s strong arms again. And again. I struggled to break free from his strong grip. I could still save Ethan. I could save him. This didn’t have to be a suicide mission.A rush of warmth washed over me, then a white heat crawled up my body. Ethan’s dark clothing burst into flame seconds later.  For just a moment he was completely engulfed in flames. His burning body bucked and danced a few more times on the wires. Then the rain snuffed out the flame, and the crackling blue arc of electricity disappeared.He’d done it. He shorted the wires. And he paid the ultimate price for it.Diego loosened his grip on me and turned me around to face him. “We can’t stop. You can’t save him.” I could hear the catch in his throat. He was crying too.“We can only save ourselves,” my mother said. She stood at my side now, pulling on my arm. “If we stop now, we’re all dead.”I turned to look at her. Where did she get this strength from? I wasn’t sure she would be able to survive her own rescue. She surprised me.“Let’s go,” Diego urged as he started moving forward. He held my arm and pulled me along with him.We sprinted the forty feet to the fence. As soon as we drew near, I could smell Ethan’s burnt flesh. I sensed the electricity dissipating around the fence. A loud buzzing filled my ears. I think I was the only one who could hear it.Diego and my mother were right; I couldn’t save Ethan. He skin had blackened. His heart stopped long ago. He did it for me, and I couldn’t even thank him.Guilt and nausea battled in my stomach. I paused to reach out for Ethan’s burnt body, but Diego pushed me forward. My mother held the dead wires as wide as she could so I could crawl through without snagging my clothes on the barbs. I went through first, then held the wires so that my mother and Diego could crawl through. Then we ran toward the forest.***I felt sick about what happened to Ethan. I couldn’t shake the image of his body dancing on the blue arc of electricity and then bursting into flame. I knew it would haunt me for months to come.I found some relief when Dani met us in the forest with our horses.  When she saw the electrical shower of sparks and the flame, she knew what happened and she knew where to meet us.There was no time for debriefings between us, or even a proper greeting between Dani and my mother. We knew the electrical show at the fence would have attracted the attention of anyone who was nearby.  Diego quickly helped my mother get up on Dani’s horse. Then he mounted a big Arabian stallion, and gave me a hand up so I could ride behind him.I’d barely wrapped my arms around Diego’s waist when we took off galloping.  It rained very lightly now, and the thunder and lightning were moving off into the distance. The clouds started to break, which gave us some light from the moon.We’d come on this rescue mission with twelve of us. Two rescuers got left with Troy, Sebastian and Martin.  There were three of us—me, Dani and Diego—here with my mother. I had a feeling we were the only group who made it out of the compound alive.When I closed my eyes and thought about the other members of our team, I didn’t see their faces. Instead, I saw bloody bodies. I heard gunshots ringing out. I felt bullets and knife blades ripping into flesh. I could even smell death.They knew it was a suicide mission. The guilt gnawed at my gut. I should have done more. It should have been me. I could have saved them. I touched the embedded medallion at the base of my throat and thought about the courage Ethan had shown in his last moments.After a few minutes, Diego and Dani reined the horses to a stop. We all listened. Other than the horses’ heavy breathing and the water dripping from the trees onto the forest floor, we didn’t hear anything. The guards at the compound weren’t pursuing us. I had a feeling there were very few of them left alive.I looked up and noticed how many stars blanketed the sky. The clouds had moved out. The rain had stopped.“Look,” Diego said.I lowered my gaze and turned my head to face in the direction of the compound. A large, orange glow danced and flickered in the sky.  The compound was on fire.“It’s over,” I said. Suddenly I felt very exhausted and shaky as the adrenaline left my system.“For tonight,” Diego said. “But it’s not over, not by a long shot. This is just the beginning.”Soon his ominous warning would be proved right.Connect With the Author…Thank you for reading Book 1 of “The Selected” series. If you enjoyed this book, please do a favor for me and review it on Amazon.  It just takes a few seconds, and I’d really appreciate it! Just click here to leave your review:http://www.amazon.com/The-Selected-Series-Book-ebook/dp/B00C2WCC0K/Also, be sure to tell your friends, family and book club all about this book. Drop a link on Facebook. Tweet about it. Send a text message or email to someone else who might enjoy it.If you can’t wait to see what happens to Rory next, then pick up your copy of Book #2 in the series, which is called “The Awakening.” You can download it instantly here:http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00HLA3CCUIf you’d like to connect with me (Rebecca Hope), then please do two things:1. Get on The Selected mailing list. You’ll be the first to hear about upcoming books in the series, contests, freebies and exclusives available only to those on the mailing list.  You can sign up for free now at:rebeccahope.com  2. Like the official Facebook Fan Page at:https://facebook.com/authorrebeccahope(Be sure to tell your friends about the Facebook Page, too.)Want to drop me a line directly? Please feel free to do so at: rebecca@rebeccahope.com – I’d love to hear from you!***Thank you to all the redheads of the world… you are the Selected.