Title : Final Balance
Author: Black, Stephen




FINAL BALANCE◆◆◆By Stephen Black
Copyright © 2015 Stephen BlackAll rights reserved.Amazon EditionAmazon Edition, License NotesThank you for downloading this eBook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.DedicationTo my lovely wife for her support and devotion and to those souls who have served as shining examples of leadership and integrity during their time on Earth.PrologueThis is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.IntroductionMy first book, THE ZOO: An Allegorical Adventure, was a fictional tale that explored the behaviors seen by a society and its leadership. The ultimate consequences of those behaviors and the actions the characters took were quite extreme. In the book, a major metropolitan city was utterly destroyed and reduced to an uninhabited state of rubble, abandoned and desolate for all eternity.This new book goes well beyond the original work with an entirely different setting and experience for the reader. In that regard, FINAL BALANCE can easily be read as an independent standalone work. However, it can also be read in conjunction with THE ZOO, which will provide the reader with a bit more context that enhances the enjoyment of both books. Either way, my aim is to provide you the reader with a thought-provoking and eye-opening experience filled with interesting themes, suspense and enjoyment.OneLIFE IS FILLED with consequences, anticipated as well as unanticipated, and some of those consequences extend beyond the realm of our earthly existence.◆◆◆“Charlotte, we’re leaving now. Pack up our things and get the boys, we’re heading downstate today.”“Dan, what are you talking about? What do you mean?” she said, with a puzzled and confused look.“We’re leaving today. We’re moving today. There’s no time left.” he said.“But, we’re not due down there for another two weeks. It’s not time yet, you don’t start the new position until the end of the month,” she said.“Look, with everything going on in the city right now, we’ve got to go today.”“But ... the authorities said everything is under control, they’ve got the virus contained. Dan, you’re acting irrational, just calm down.”“Damn it, Charlotte.  I am calm. I may have been a little irrational at times, but have you ever seen me this irrational? We need to pack our things up and move today.”“But Dan, what about the boys, they have school? What about all our stuff? Do we just leave it here? We had this move planned for months now and I’ve got the movers scheduled and everything’s all lined up. What difference will a couple of weeks make? I’ve been listening to the radio and the news reports. Everything is going to be fine.”“Charlotte, look ... I can’t tell you exactly why or give you a clear rationale, but my forty years of experience and intuition are telling me get the hell out of here and do it now. That’s my instinct. I can’t ignore it.”“But this is all so sudden. I mean we’ve had it planned out logically and all the details are lined up for an end of month move. Where will we live for the next two weeks? Dan, are you really that concerned?”“I am that concerned. I just have this inner sense. Something is not right. Whether it’s the tone of the authorities or the news reports, the general atmosphere, or something else, it just doesn’t feel right. It’s not adding up.” he said.“Well, your instincts have been pretty spot on, and even more so over the last number of years. Dan, do you really feel that strongly?”“Yes, I feel it in my bones. And what’s the risk of moving now instead of in two weeks? The boys will be fine, there’s not an issue with the job. And, what if I’m wrong and nothing happens here in the city? We’ve lost nothing and can still follow all the plans and have our stuff shipped later. So why not just go now, Charlotte?”“Alright, I see your point, but still don’t get the sense of urgency.” she said.“I’m trying to look at this objectively Charlotte, and all emotions aside, it’s just the right thing to do. There’s talk of a pandemic. The authorities have told us everything is under control and the virus has been contained, but I don’t know. There’s talk they may lock down the city. We’ve had our plans in place for the move for a while now, why not just accelerate it a couple of weeks?”“It is a minor disruption to the family, but not something we can’t deal with. We’ll have to see if we can get the boys in the new school a few weeks early and we’ll need to find a place to stay. But, aside from that we can adjust, if you feel we must,” she replied.“Ok, I’ll ask you one question. How much faith and trust do you have in the authorities to tell the truth and do you feel they have our best interest at heart? Answer that, and I’ll go with your decision.”“Dan, you know me too well. I am certainly not naive and can’t say they always have our best interest at heart. If that’s the answer you wanted, you got it.”“That’s all I needed to hear from you, Charlotte. We’re going today.”“Ok then. Let’s pack up what we can. I’ll get the boy’s things together and we’ll leave this afternoon. This is a bit sudden and it’ll be a little chaotic, but you’re right, we’ll be fine.”Four hours later, Dan, Charlotte, and their sons departed the city. As they drove down the interstate and passed beyond the city limits, they looked back at the city with its majestic skyscrapers in the distance. Little did they know that would be the last time they’d ever see the city they knew and loved.It was not long after they left when the city was indeed placed on complete lockdown. No one could enter or leave and all transportation (cars, buses and trains) had been halted. Even travel by foot was forbidden beyond the city limits. The authorities felt the virus had to be contained at all costs, and contained it was within the artificial walls of an immense and populous city. On par with the 1918 flu pandemic that killed all in its path, the virus was spreading by the hour and the authorities believed they had no other choice.Had they stopped there, perhaps things would have turned out differently. But the all knowing, all powerful and righteous authorities did not stop with the lockdown. Fear spread like a wildfire across the entire country. Within twenty-four hours of contracting the virus, people were dropping like flies. The anxiety became so intense and widespread that people were afraid the disease would wipe out a massive portion of the country. So, the virus had to be stopped in its tracks at all costs. And stop it they did, at the cost of the complete annihilation of the city and the destruction of every living thing within it.◆◆◆That was thirty years ago and these painful memories still resonated within the mind of an aging Dan Alexander. There are pivotal events in time that change an individual, a country, and an entire society. That was the pivotal moment in Dan’s life that changed his outlook forever. In fact, those events were inscribed in his mind as clear as when he first experienced them. He would never forget what happened and who was ultimately responsible.At one time, the city was a vibrant metropolis pulsating with energy and life. That was the time of Dan’s youth — a time of development, growth, challenge and excitement. It was a city that knew no bounds and no limits on human potential, and one that offered the promise of an optimistic future. With its luminous skyline covered with massively tall skyscrapers that stretched forth across a broad expanse of crystal blue lake, it was a place like no other. It was a manufacturing hub and center of financial and retail commerce. Filled with museums, theaters, shopping districts, expansive parks and residential high-rises, the city offered visitors and residents alike a place to live, work and entertain themselves. Yet this city was more than just buildings and material objects. This city had a life of its own with people, trains, cars and buses all rushing through its arteries. All you had to do was pause for a second and take it in. You could feel the life, the energy, the living sense of the place. The buzz, the hum, the sounds, the movement, it never stopped. The city was alive and those in it felt alive. In fact, it was more than just a physical sensation or awareness; this city had a spirit, it had a soul.Dan’s thoughts returned to the present and he paused for just an instant wincing as excruciating pain jolted through his entire body. Over the last few months, the pain had become more frequent. In the beginning what had been a mild discomfort was now becoming intense and bothersome. Yet he persisted in collecting his thoughts. He had to keep focused despite the annoyance, especially now. These were important thoughts and events that he needed to reconcile.The family was stunned when Dan was diagnosed with stage four cancer and Dan’s wife above all. This was her lifelong companion and soul mate. Charlotte was a strong and resilient woman, but even at that, Dan knew she needed a break from the pressures of dealing with his illness and caring for him. This is why he’d persist with his daily walks in the park, even when the pain became quite agonizing. Dan was a fighter and these walks were life itself to him.A few moments later, he thought back again to his time in the city. He remembered the long summer days with cool evening breezes coming off the lake as he sat and listened to concerts in the park. It was not unusual for tens of thousands to gather in lawn chairs and blankets taking in the air and delightful sounds. All sorts of musicians and performers would visit the city to entertain the crowds of people who came to enjoy the culture and sites. There was truly something for all tastes and interests. There were vendors of all sorts selling food, beer and wine. So festive was the place and those were moments in time where the people and their surroundings were in harmony.Dan recalled the long walks along the lakeshore paths that stretched the entire length of the city. He and his wife would take these almost daily and they had so many great conversations. The environment was such a source of stimulation and inspiration. Every walk was slightly different. On some days, a deep purple sky above the lake radiated and illuminated the city skyscrapers and heightened the energy emanating from its core. On other days, a muted gray cloud cover canvassed the skyline creating a mood of stillness and calm. And on others yet, a yellowish-blue permeated all about creating a feeling of heightened awareness. Each day and walk were unique, because the sky, clouds, sun, lake color and movement of the waves all combined in such a way to create an infinite variety of moods, feelings, and experiences.As they walked together, interspersed along the way were various marinas dotted with boats of all shapes and sizes. Sailboats, powerboats and racing boats covered the shoreline. There were also commercial boats that conducted architectural tours and sightseeing cruises. On occasion, Dan and his wife would celebrate a special event or anniversary with an evening dinner cruise. Such a spectacular view it was to see the city lit up at night from a distance. The darkened sky and water all about made such a contrast against the backdrop of bright lights and the magnificent illuminated buildings.Those were particularly good times for Dan and his family. Over the course of the years, things had progressed as one might expect. The city continued to move forward. The population gradually grew and people of all cultures and classes lived in peace enjoying all that the city had to offer.It was because of all this that the sudden change caught everyone off-guard. Some were literally so stunned they simply couldn’t comprehend what was happening. Things had become so comfortable over the years that people became complacent and accepted that things would always be good or better. They had gradually lost focus and became distracted by less important matters and the authorities were certainly able to fill that void with increasingly greater controls and constraints. It may also have simply been the normal lifecycle of all cities, which over a course of centuries have their own spring, summer, fall and winter seasons of life.Once again, Dan returned to the present with another sharp pain piercing through his body from the base of his spine through his chest and upper abdomen, gradually radiating outwards through his limbs, fingers, and toes. He stopped for a moment clenching his fists. In recent weeks, these shocks had become more frequent and increasingly more painful. Still he persisted in his walks.After the pain had subsided, Dan’s mind drifted back to his profession and career. Having achieved much, he thought about his early years as a product development specialist and later years as the head of an industrial equipment manufacturing firm. “A rewarding and fulfilling career,” he thought, “I accomplished a lot. Yes, I made some compromises, but who hasn’t?”Dan’s firm manufactured construction equipment used to create a great deal of the streets and buildings within the city as well as much of the infrastructure in various cities around the globe. Over the course of his career, he met and dealt with all sorts of people: architects and engineers, bankers and financiers, politicians and government boards to name just a few. Dealing with so many of these types, it was impossible to not have certain situations where law, ethics, and morality came into play. And compromises were made. That’s just human nature.Several months before the catastrophe hit the city, Dan had been promoted to lead the product development organization which required him to move his family downstate where the corporate offices were located about a half day drive from the city center. At the time, Dan was reluctant to make the move from the big city with all it had to offer to a small remote town with a much quieter and serene atmosphere. But, he and his wife discussed the situation and felt the opportunity was too much to turn down.“Such is fate,” he thought, reflecting on the city and the catastrophe that hit not long after their move.In his later years, only once had Dan been able to return to the city on a trip with his grandson. Years after, the city still stood abandoned, desolated and utterly devoid of any human presence.“If only those fools could have foreseen the long-term results of their actions, perhaps they would have handled things in a better way. Perhaps things would have turned out differently?” he thought.All of a sudden an uneasy feeling started to come over him and he shuddered with a sense of apprehension. With his breadth becoming shallower, he struggled as he gasped for air.“What if, knowing the full and complete extent of what happened, those bastards that caused the destruction of the city ... what if they would have behaved the same way and done the same things?”It was a horrid thought as painful as the physical pain he was currently enduring. It was also dismal and depressing to think people could be so self-obsessed, shallow and evil that they would completely disregard the consequences and persist in the destruction of a wonderful creation; a creation that took so much time and the labor and intellect of so many to bring into existence.Through his many years, Dan had seen much and experienced quite a spectrum of personalities and behaviors. Optimistic by nature, his earthly experience led him to look for the good in others. Yet, this was balanced with a cautious eye, street smarts, and a realistic awareness that that under some scenarios, compromises are needed to advance an agenda. In this regard, he was not so different than many.At that instant, he began to reflect on what legacy he would leave behind when he departed this world. Thoughts of his family and friends put a smile on his tightly closed lips, momentarily masking the pain he felt if only for a fraction of a second. He struggled to maintain his focus. The pain was intensifying. He dropped to his knees, hunched over in agonizing pain. It was too much to endure. Yet, he still managed to concentrate.“Just a little bit longer ... I need just a little more time.”His thoughts returned back to the city. At peace now with many other aspects of his existence, it was the people and events that led to the city’s destruction that he could just not let go of. He understood why the events took place and their causes. But, the impact of all that was simply too significant; he had to know what made these people do what they did and most importantly what were the ultimate consequences for them.Upon contemplating the entirety of his existence, Dan realized the city itself was a reflection of the society and the changes the society was experiencing. The city went through its own cycle of life just as Dan and everyone on earth follows their own time and path.“Still, that was a city whose life was cut short ... too short ... unnecessarily short. It was not a graceful and aging decline. It was an abrupt transition and death. Such a damn shame!” he grimaced.By now Dan was on his side beneath a tree, barely able to breathe and holding on to every last thought with every ounce of life he had remaining within.“There has to be a longer term justice for those that caused the destruction. Surely, something like that cannot go unpunished?”And with that last thought, Dan closed his eyes for a final time not knowing what was to come next or what his or anyone else’s eternal fate would be.TwoIT IS COMPLETELY dark. There is nothing to see. No sound. There is nothing to hear. No scent, nothing to smell. No physical objects, nothing to touch. There is neither warmth nor cold. There is no sensation other than emptiness ... emptiness and nothingness extending across an infinite dimension of time and space.Emptiness is both a multi-faceted and multi-dimensional construct. It is also a perception. Where some see all sorts of colors, shapes and dimensions, others may see only black, white, and gray; and others more just nothing. Emptiness may mean the absence of something or alternatively the failure to see and understand complex dimensions. Seeing all that’s there depends on the looker. Hearing all that’s there depends on the listener. Feeling all that’s there, physical as well as emotional, depends on the one feeling. Emptiness in and of itself is something.A thought, an idea, a consciousness ... those are not physically observable, yet they signify existence. There is a conscious spirit and soul that transcends all — a sense of self, an awareness of being.“Where am I ... am I still here?”At that point, there appeared the tiniest beam of white light far off in the distance set against an infinite darkness. The beam was so small and yet contrasted so powerfully against the black background that it soon became all encompassing.For an undefined time, that’s all there was ... the thought, the consciousness and the beam of light. Then the beam increased in size. It became larger and brighter. It continued to grow in shape, size and intensity. So bright was the beam now that it gradually encompassed all there was to be seen — intense, bright white light in every direction. And of course, there was the thought and consciousness. Dan was now aware of his existence somewhere amongst a vast unknown.“What is this place?”Another thought, and the bright light narrowed into the shape of a brilliant white tunnel that curled and swirled so that it was now possible to see shapes, sizes and multiple shades of black, white and gray.The tunnel appeared to be coming closer and closer and a sense of depth appeared. Then all at once the tunnel encompassed all and the shades of gray, white and black whizzed by creating a sense of movement and speed. The speed accelerated and the neutral colors gave way to an amazing array of reds spiraling about in every direction. Oranges and yellows soon appeared followed next by greens, blues, and purples.Suddenly and everywhere there was a burst of the entire spectrum. So crisp were the colors, so bright and so vibrant, yet there was no sense of pain associated with the intensity of the light. All this was simply a consciousness, a spirit, a soul moving through an undefined dimension.“Where am I? What is this?” shouted the consciousness. Suddenly there was a massive ‘BOOM’ and all the colors exploded into a gigantic rainbow. The consciousness now raced through an incomprehensible domain of sight and sound which echoed and reverberated in synchronization with the movement of the colors. The rainbow with its enormous spectrum became all encompassing as it stretched across an infinite domain.“What is happening to me?  ... Where am I?” he now shouted out with a sense of angst and uncertainty.The rainbow filled with a multitude of color and sound then vanished into emptiness once again. Dan Alexander had transitioned.ThreeSHORTLY AFTER THE echo and colors dissipated, out of the emptiness came a vision. It was small at first, just a few dots of color and fuzziness. But the vision gradually became larger and larger. Soon there were various interspersed shades of green, blue and brown. The vision started to come into focus. Increasing in size and clarity, the vision became clearer. It was a village of some kind, but it still appeared to be far off in the distance.Slowly and gradually, the village took on a sense of movement. It seemed to be coming closer and closer. It was now possible to make out some of its details. There were cottages and trees scattered about across a series of small hills. There were also numerous empty patches of open field that extended for quite some distance and there was a river flowing through the center of it all.Looking at the village before him, a sudden sensation came over Dan. He experienced a feeling. It was one of familiarity. Clearly, he still existed. There was sight, sound, consciousness and now a familiar scene. In short, he started to feel somewhat himself again as he slowly began to regain his senses. But something was different. Something was very different. It was the pain. The pain he had dealt with and endured for so many months was now entirely gone. Having begun to collect his thoughts and gather a sense of awareness, he wondered again what had happened to him and where he now was, but this time in a more objective and less emotional way. Dan knew his time on earth was finite and anticipated something beyond, yet he did not have a firm vision of what that something might be like. And here he was now, moving in a suspended fashion towards a village that kept coming closer and closer. There was so much to comprehend and yet at the same time he felt an enormous sense of relief. There was indeed more beyond the earthly realm of existence!The village kept coming closer and closer and soon Dan could begin to see a field of green grass surrounded by tall trees. As he continued to approach, he felt a burst of wind rush across his body providing him with a sensation of touch that had been absent up until this point. The lack of pain was a relief, but now the pleasurable feeling of cool air blowing across his skin seemed absolutely delightful.It was not long before Dan felt pressure at his feet from the grass below and found himself standing in the green field amidst a host of trees and brightly colored wildflowers blowing gently in the wind. A fragrance filled the air that reminded him of a beautiful spring day. The fresh breeze blew across his face and body and he felt alive as if in the prime of his life.“This feels like an amazing place. I wonder what it’s called and who, if anyone is here?” He thought as he surveyed his surroundings and took in the delightful aroma. “This air has such a clean, fresh smell to it,” he said to himself.Dan stood in the field for quite some time inhaling the breeze and taking in the scent of the flowers, trees and grasses. It reminded him of his time back in the city when he had enjoyed many long walks in spring along the lakefront. It wasn’t just the sights and sounds he liked. It was also the smell of the fresh air coming off the lake blending with the fragrant flowers and trees that created an ambiance second to none.After he had paused for a while to take it all in, he began to walk about the field looking and exploring. The grass beneath his feet was smooth and lush and the colors of the trees and flowers were so vibrant, they looked like perfection. It was almost surreal. Exactly who and what he was searching for, he did not know. Although he felt certain, someone must be here with the cottages and all. He obviously did not know just what to expect, but hoped given the surroundings, it would be something positive.Taking pleasure in the moment as he strolled about, he began to reflect on what had happened and what was to come. “What a beautiful and serene place,” he thought.It felt like somewhere he was familiar with and at the same time someplace entirely new and different. As he roamed the fields, he started to recognize the types of trees including Maples, Chestnuts, Bur Oaks and Water Oaks each with their distinctive size, shape, bark and leaf patterns.A short distance away stood a giant Water Oak with a massive canopy. Its trunk had to be four to five feet across. It was a most interesting looking tree, so Dan headed off in its direction to take a closer look. Upon reaching the tree, he extended his arm and touched it, feeling its moist, grainy bark. What a sensation to again be able to experience the touch of another living thing as he ran his hands back and forth along the rough surface of the tree.“There is life here for sure,” he said to himself.As Dan stood deep in thought admiring his surroundings, he nearly jumped out of his shoes when heard a loud bark. As he turned around, he immediately recognized the sight of a large golden retriever running full speed in his direction racing towards him with paws in the air and tail blowing back and forth in the breeze.Dan was stunned. He loved dogs and was overwhelmed at the sight of this one. He could not believe his eyes at first.“If this place has dogs, it has to be a good thing,” he thought.With the retriever quickly approaching, he could begin to see its beautiful golden coat and that pleasant and happy face so characteristic of the breed. When the dog finally reached him, it sat and Dan bent over for a greeting and received the warmest of licks one could imagine. How wonderful that felt.“There’s no love like dog love,” his wife used to say. Over the years, the family always had a dog and Charlotte was the one who convinced him to get his first dog, saying “a dog will bring you something that no other human can.” And through the years, this certainly proved to be quite true. There really is something special and unique about a dog’s love, devotion, loyalty, and purity ... something quite unmatched in all other species.As Dan was petting the dog and smiling back at its happy face, he was startled for a second time and more so by a voice off in the distance calling “Liberty ... Liberty.” Dan looked up and saw a rotund man coming towards him. He looked to be an older gentleman of moderate height with a short white beard, dark rimmed glasses, and a full head of white hair. This man had a certain look about him, one of friendliness combined with intelligence and humor.As the man approached, he yelled out, “Hello, Dan Alexander! Welcome. It’s nice to finally meet you.”Surprised that this man knew his name, Dan returned the greeting with a waving gesture and a smile.“Hello,” Dan said, with an inquisitive look. “I see you know my name, what is yours if I may ask?”The approaching the man extended his hand toward Dan and both men exchanged a firm handshake.“I am called LaRue,” said the man with a gentle smile. “It is my role to greet people like you when they first arrive here.”“Well, is that your dog?” Dan asked with much curiosity.“Oh yes, that’s my Liberty. She’s mine and she loves greeting days. She just can’t wait to meet and greet the new arrivals. A real friendly one she is.” “She’s a lovely dog. She reminds me of a golden retriever my wife and I once had named Amy. Such a wonderful breed they are.”“Indeed, quite so,” LaRue replied heartily. “They are a lovely breed as are the labs, and the poodles, and the boxers, and the bichon frises, and  ... heck, all these dogs are just plain wonderful,” shouted LaRue with a huge belly laugh.LaRue had a bit of a tummy and when he laughed it certainly accentuated his humor and added to his friendly demeanor. He was a handsome looking man with distinctive facial features and a jovial and intelligent countenance.Feeling a little more comfortable and relaxed by now, Dan looked at LaRue and said “LaRue, you seem quite happy here, what is the name of this place and how did I get here?”LaRue looked up and stared into Dan’s bright blue eyes with a warm smile.“You have had quite a journey and I’m sure you have lots of questions. Why don’t we head back to my cabin where we can relax in some comfy chairs and put up our feet? After you’re fully revitalized, I’ll answer any and all questions you may have.”“LaRue, that sounds like a terrific idea. I appreciate the hospitality.”  “Very well then, it’s just a short walk from here. Let’s go.”The two men walked along and came to a narrow path surrounded by trees adjacent to the field where Dan first stood. With Liberty leading the way and romping about, Dan took in the sights, sounds and scents of the fresh spring day. It was not long before they came across an opening in the wooded path and in the distance he could see a log cabin atop a nearby plateau with the path leading in its direction.Side by side both men walked until they came to the top of the small hill where the cabin stood. Made of logs with a long porch stretching the full length of the front, the cabin added to the picturesque appearance of the blissful environment. The cabin’s wood looked to be of the pine variety with stucco between the logs which gave it a natural and rustic appearance. On the porch sat a pair of red rocking chairs. There was also a small wooden table, which combined with the red chairs, was a most encouraging scene.Looking up at the cabin, Dan commented, “LaRue, you have a wonderful home and it’s in such a beautiful environment.”“Yes, yes. There are many places like this here. All distinctive and all just as astonishing.”Dan had been through quite a transition and there was a lot to absorb. This was a good starting point from which to elevate his understanding of where he was and what was happening to him.Looking down on the valley below, he felt a sense of peacefulness. The vibrant green trees and pasture perfectly offset the contrasting bright blue sky which created an almost dreamlike atmosphere.It was a pleasant and mild day and the air was clean and fresh. Dan paused for a moment taking in a deep breath. All that had been prior to his arrival here seemed so distant now. Without pain and fully cognizant of his surroundings, he was anxious to know exactly where he was and where he would ultimately reside.Turning toward LaRue he said, “I am anxious to understand more about this place and how I came to be here. In all appearances, it is a wonderful and serene environment. Can you tell me more about where I am?”LaRue just smiled and glancing up at Dan said, “All in due course. I’ll answer your questions, but first why don’t you wait here for a moment with Liberty and enjoy yourself. I’ll be back shortly.”Dan knew LaRue was holding back on something. He had asked a few times about getting some details and yet there was a subtle level of evasiveness in the man’s voice. Dan didn’t know exactly what was causing this, but he sensed there was more to all this than just what he saw in his immediate surroundings.As he waited for LaRue to return, he walked about with Liberty not far from his heels and glanced off into the distance with a sense of mixed curiosity. Where he was, he did not know. Would he be staying here and for how long? Who was LaRue and why had he been the first to greet him? He had so many unanswered questions, but hopefully they would soon begin to be addressed.FourAFTER A SHORT while, LaRue returned from the cabin with a yellow tennis ball. Seeing Dan and Liberty in the distance, he yelled out “play time!”In a sudden burst of energy and motion, Liberty’s legs sprung into action as she raced full speed toward LaRue. When she reached the foot of the porch, she came to an abrupt stop and sat patiently wagging her tail in expectation. Dan arrived soon after and looked over at LaRue.“Dan, she gets so excited at play time, it’s always the same. Every time, it’s as if it were the first time she’d seen a tennis ball,” chuckled LaRue, with a good-humoured and cheerful look on his face.The three of them stood in the soft tufts of grass in front of the porch and then LaRue threw the ball as far as he could across the lawn and Liberty immediately turned and darted in its direction. When she reached the ball, she grabbed it and ran back at full speed toward LaRue, dropping it at his feet. LaRue once again picked up the ball and tossed it as far as he could and Liberty retrieved it yet again. This went on for half a dozen more times and ended when LaRue grabbed the ball a final time and instead of tossing it, he dropped it at her feet. The game was over and Liberty sat lying on the ground chewing the ball profusely. She had accomplished her task.“Now that she’s had her fun, why don’t you and I sit down and have a conversation?” LaRue said, with a more serious expression.“That sounds like a good idea,” replied Dan. “I’m very much interested in understanding as much as I can about this place.”Both men climbed the few short steps leading up to the porch and upon reaching the top, took their place in the comfortable red chairs which offered a spectacular view of the picturesque surroundings.In every direction, the bright blue sky was filled with puffy white clouds beneath which stood the valley and trees below. With a slight warm breeze blowing, the leaves of the trees rustled gently in the wind creating an overall sense of tranquility. By now, Dan was relaxed and at the same time eager to learn more.“LaRue, you said you would answer any questions I might have,” he said with an earnest look on his face.“Yes ... most definitely. That’s what I am here for. Ask away.”“Well, I have quite a few, so let’s start with the most obvious. Where am I?  What is this place?”“Yes, yes, that’s usually one of the first things people want to know when they arrive here. You are in the Afterworld and it’s where everyone comes once they complete their time on Earth. You see, all souls go through a process with their time there and after they complete that experience, they arrive here for reflection.”“All souls, you mean, everyone? Everyone comes here?” said Dan, trying to get his bearings set.“That’s correct. Every soul in the universe arrives here to remain for all eternity. However, here there is no such thing as time in the traditional sense you are familiar with. There are no clocks, days and nights, or regimented seasons. Time itself is an earthly construct. Here it does not have the same context. It’s all really just existence, a presence, a consciousness.” stated LaRue.“So, am I in heaven?” Dan asked with an intriguing look.“Well ... yes and no. Some call it that while others have a different set of terms that might be applicable. You see the Afterworld is quite expansive and perhaps a bit more varied and complex than what you may have conceived. You and I will have some time together here, and I’ll explain it all to your satisfaction. The process begins when a new arrival comes here. There is sort of an adjustment period which varies from soul to soul and each has its own set of circumstances that require acclimation. It’s a necessary process — one that both explains and purifies so that the transition can be completed. It’s also something necessary for the balancing or equilibrium process ... a reconciliation of sorts. You see there’s an eternal balancing process whereby all one’s behaviors and actions are accounted for. It’s actually a universal law and the universe demands it. All souls arrive here just as you have and go through a transition which once completed results in a final balance.”“That is quite a bit to grasp,” said Dan, in an attentive manner with open eyes and listening ears, aware of the obvious implications.“You mentioned all souls. Are you the greeter for them all?”Laughing out loud in a hearty voice, LaRue exclaimed, “No, no, no. We have quite a few greeters here. I am just the one assigned to you. In fact, not everyone here is a greeter, only those with the inclination and desire to do so.”“Well then, are you allowed to choose the ones you would like to greet?” Dan asked.“Nope, I don’t get to choose, none of the greeters do. It’s all a part of the transition process and something we accept when we take on the role of being a greeter. There are pluses and minuses that come with the job, and in a way, that makes it a fulfilling task.”“It must be interesting to be able to greet people as they come here?”“It’s interesting ... and at the same time it can be quite a challenge. But we’ll cover that in due course.” LaRue said with a look of resigned complexity.Dan paused for a moment reflecting on what LaRue had just said. There was a little hesitation in his voice and that gave him cause for concern. Looking out at his surroundings, he began to contemplate what it all meant.“Dogs so love to play,” LaRue said with a fond and loving glance towards his girl. Liberty was an exceptional golden retriever both in coloring, shape, and personality. All in all, she was a stunning example of the breed and she exhibited all the traits one would expect. She was energetic, friendly, cheerful and loyal to the core.After both men had fully refreshed themselves, LaRue suggested a walk about the place and said he felt that would provide a nice environment for further discussion. So, they stepped down the few short steps onto the lush lawn in front of the cabin and departed off into the distance. This time they followed a second path different from the one which they took to reach the cabin.As they walked, Dan noticed he felt quite comfortable in his body and no longer felt that persistent knee pain he had experienced in his later years on Earth. In fact, he felt no physical pain or discomfort at all. Wondering how that was so, he turned toward LaRue to understand why.“LaRue is it like this for everyone here? I mean, I feel no pain. Is this a common experience?”“It is fairly common, but not exclusive,” was his measured reply.Again, that partial answer gave Dan some doubt. “Well, can you tell me more about this place and what happens to everyone that arrives here?”“As I mentioned, it’s generally a lot for people to take in all at once. This is why there’s a transition or adjustment period with a greeter before you travel further on your journey,” said LaRue with a serious and sincere expression.Suddenly, the feeling of cautious calm that Dan had started to get used to was replaced with one more like concerned interest tinged with uncertainty.“Further on my journey? There’s more to all this? What do you mean?” said Dan with a heightened interest and an alert look about him.“Oh, yes, there’s a lot more. You see, all souls arriving in the Afterworld pause here to first get acclimated. That’s the purpose us greeters serve. After the greeting period, the souls travel on a journey, more like a tour and experience of the place. It’s actually a most necessary part of the universal balancing process. All souls take the same tour but based on their life experiences the tour offers something different for each.”“You keep saying all souls, but I can see you and you can see me, so we’re physical people and beings, right?”“I understand it might look that way. But, this is a spiritual realm that goes beyond just the physical existence you are familiar with. The Afterworld is a bit different. While you do have a physical appearance, that’s really more of a convenience and it’s certainly up to each soul to decide. Well ... not everyone decides, but many do decide for themselves, but I’m really getting ahead of myself.”“Why not everyone?” asked Dan, looking a bit worried.“Not everyone has earned it. Some have and some have not ... it’s really all part of the universal law that governs all existence. You see, your entire existence is collectively balanced and reconciled here in the Afterworld for all eternity. This is why there’s a need for an adjustment period. It takes time for the souls to fully understand and comprehend that before taking the final journey, and it is through that journey that the balance of each soul is completed. Only after that final balance is it possible to know whether a soul can choose or not choose a physical manifestation and other such things.” said LaRue.“Frankly, this is a lot to take in. This greeting period is generating more questions than answers for me,” Dan said, composed but at the same time concerned and aware of the broader set of implications.“No worries, that’s to be expected. Questions and more questions come with the territory. In fact, all greeters are here to assist and answer questions. We enjoy the process and find satisfaction in assisting new arrivals. Mind you, not all that arrive are pleasant souls or ones we would choose to greet. But, choosing the souls one greets would defeat the whole process of being a greeter and violate the universal law of balance, so it simply is this way.”“Keep in mind, this greeting process is just a transition. It answers all questions you have until you feel you’re ready to take the final journey.” LaRue continued.“Ok, you keep mentioning this universal law and ultimate balance, and you also said souls have to earn the ability to determine their physical manifestation. How does one earn it?” Dan asked, raising his brows.“If it helps, you can look at it like this. Here in the Afterworld, there is no such thing as entitlement or privilege. The concept is simply not applicable here. Those were earthly notions, and not without consequences. Entitlement is a concept with a premise that is out of balance with the universe. It’s a polar state that ultimately needs to be balanced with an opposite pole for the individual soul (as opposed to using other souls to balance it out). In an earthly sense, the entitled have chosen to place themselves above the rest of humanity and there are consequences associated with that ... earthly consequences, and eternal consequences. This is a key concept for you to grasp. The final balance is on an individual soul by soul basis. It is not something averaged across souls. Averaging across souls so that the entitled unfairly gain at the expense of others; that’s an earthly approach that requires reconciliation. So here upon completion of the final journey, all souls end up individually balanced based on all their behaviors and actions. You see, the universe has both precision and perfection as its ultimate objective and ultimately both are achieved ... always achieved.” said LaRue.He continued, “All you experience here is the collective result of all you did or did not do during your time prior to arriving here. Yet once here, you take a journey that ultimately balances out your soul’s existence. The end result of all this determines your soul’s eternal future.”“Oh, my ... that is a lot to think about. I mean this is as ultimate as it gets,” said an awestruck Dan.The gravity of the situation began to hit him and it felt like a weight had been placed on his shoulders. It was an important weight that needed to be assessed and resolved, and there was no escaping it. Regaining his composure, he again looked towards LaRue for additional clarity.“Can you tell me more about the Afterworld and what I’m doing here and the journey I’ll be taking?”“Yes. I can see you’re ready for that. You’re actually faster than many. We have some like you that adapt to the process relatively quickly and others who are much slower. We even have a few that don’t want to acknowledge or would simply prefer to ignore or escape all this, but nonetheless, they must go on. In the Afterworld, there is no such thing as escapism or ignoring objective reality. So they must proceed on their journey. They cannot stay with me indefinitely. Mind you, there have been some that tried.” LaRue said laughing out loud and rolling his eyes. “Believe me, when I say, I’ve seen it all.”FiveTHE TWO MEN continued along the path leading away from the cottage and had walked some distance. Dan was deep in thought and much less aware of his immediate surroundings. It’s not that the trees, grass, and sky had changed, they hadn’t. This place still had that luminescent glow which created an atmosphere filled with energy and a sense of life. However, Dan’s consciousness was much more inwardly focused.He had been quiet and reflective for quite a while as they navigated their way along the tree-lined path. Eventually, the path opened up and as it did, Dan saw the most amazing radiant sky above and in the distance a flowing river reflecting the sky’s illumination of light and energy. All of this filled the air with a sense of vitality and imagination. Once again, he began to feel more comfortable and prepared for what was to come.“LaRue, this is such a fascinating place. Is everything in the Afterworld like this?”“It’s all fascinating, just not exactly in the way that you’re experiencing at the moment,” said LaRue, again with another one of those partial answers.“To fully answer that question, it helps to understand a bit more about how the Afterworld is structured,” said LaRue matter-of-factly.“You see, the Afterworld actually consists of three concentric but separate spheres, each of which is like a zone. Each spherical zone is separated by a vast stretch of impassable energy. Think of it like space, but it’s really all just energy,” said LaRue.“There is the Outer Zone, which for all intensive purposes is unbounded. That’s where you are now. There’s an Inner Zone, which is vastly smaller and more compact. And finally, there’s a Middle Zone that resides between the Outer and Inner Zones. On your journey, you will see and experience all three of these zones after which you will return to your ultimate, eternal destination,” said LaRue with a serious and somber look.Dan could tell by LaRue’s facial expression that his journey was not going to be a smooth and easy one. Quietly reflecting on what LaRue had just explained to him, he took some time to ponder and consider all he had heard. He believed he’d been a generally good person during his time on Earth and that he contributed to making it a better place. Yet, he also made a number of mistakes and some compromises that gave him cause for concern. Now on the cusp of his final journey, he wondered how that would all play out here in the Afterworld.“Dan, I can see you are contemplating everything I’ve told you and what you’ve seen thus far. My role here is to explain, but neither you nor I can change the past. That was all determined long ago during your time prior to arrival. If it helps, consider that as you take your journey.” LaRue said.“I understand,” said Dan in a soft, reflective voice. “Thank you.”Both men continued walking until they reached the shoreline of the river and Dan stood in awe as he stared at the glistening water as it rushed past to a destination unknown. So much to take in and the consequences were so profound.“LaRue, I feel I’ve lived a good life ... not perfect, but for the most part, pretty good. Am I to be judged against perfection?” Dan asked.“No, certainly not. Only the universe in its entirety is perfect. All souls arriving here have imperfections. But, it’s the degree and extent of the imperfections that require balancing for each soul. That’s what takes place on the journey you will soon take. After that, your soul will achieve its final balance. Another way of explaining it is that, collectively everything you’ve done, good and bad is balanced out here, and that determines your ultimate fate or destination. The journey and balancing process is what sorts it all out. Those who behaved not so well end up in a different destination than those who behaved better or perhaps very well. And there are various degrees, such that ultimate destinations vary depending on the degrees of behavior.” said LaRue.“Well, when you put it that way it seems so logical and clear,” Dan replied, still concerned about his own final fate.LaRue continued, “I can see you are almost ready.” Having seen so many souls as a greeter, he had a good sense of when a soul was prepared to move on and when one needed more time to acclimate to the concept and the implications of the journey.“After your time with me here, you will meet three others; guides who will take you on your ultimate journey. You will visit all three zones ... the Inner, Middle, and Outer, and experience much as you tour each of them. You will find some of these experiences most delightful, others not so much, and some downright painful to endure.”LaRue now had a much more serious look on his face and the jovial attitude that Dan first experienced now gave way to one that seemed much more solemn.“Obviously, this is how it all proceeds. I think I’m just about ready. Only a few more questions for you LaRue, if you don’t mind.” said Dan.“Please do ask as many as you like,” said LaRue. “That’s why I‘m here.”“You said everyone takes the journey. Does everyone take the same journey?”“Yes. Everyone takes the same journey, but their experiences and how they feel and react on the journey are all quite different. It’s a process, a segue, a needed transition where what you feel and experience is a reflection of where you came from and where you will reside for all eternity. It’s something that unambiguously highlights your past as well as your eternal future.” said LaRue.“Ok then. Who are the three guides you mentioned that will be taking me on my journey?” Dan asked with an elevated sense of interest.“A very good question. Much like the greeters, the guides who will take you on this journey may vary at times. There is one assigned to you for each zone and they do not swap zones. They are assigned to their zone for all eternity. The only variance among souls is the path or sequence they take through the zones. That’s up to each soul to decide so you will have one last decision to make before your journey commences. It’s not that the outcome varies or the experience differs, it’s just that each soul may have a preference and while in transition a soul has free will to select the sequence desired. Just as the souls had free will prior to arrival which determined their fate, they have free will in choosing the sequence.” said LaRue.“Well, can you tell me a little more about each Zone, so I can decide which order to see them on my journey,” Dan asked.“Certainly, that’s to be expected. Where you are currently standing is actually a part or region within the Outer Zone. The Outer Zone in its entirety is unbounded and represents things like virtue, honor, and integrity. You’ll see and experience much more on your journey, but that should suffice for now. The Middle Zone is the one that represents a variety of things including passivity, indifference and apathy to name a few. And finally, there’s the Inner Zone. Some of the greeters like to call it the ‘Inner Circle’ in sort of a humorous way,” he said as he chuckled out loud. “It’s actually an old greeters joke, never mind.”“As I was saying, the Inner Zone represents all things inherently bad or evil. Narcissistic and sociopathic behaviors and actions would be just a few of the things encountered in this zone,” said LaRue.“Again, who are the three that will guide me on my journey?” inquired Dan.“You might call them something like spiritual advisors. They are in a spiritual sense knowledgeable of their respective zones, and they will appear to you not as a spirit per se, but rather as a physical manifestation that you can relate to on your journey,” said LaRue.Dan by this point was saturated with information. All of this was so new and profound. He paused to let it all sink in.LaRue had witnessed this on many occasions and knew it would not be long before his role was accomplished. All that was needed was a little more time for Dan to absorb everything he explained to him and the desire to move on would take hold.He looked at Dan with intense interest. Having greeted so many, it was at this point in the process where he felt the greatest sense of fulfillment. In his time before arriving in the Afterworld, he had coached and guided many through things like ethical decision making and moral behavior. As such, it was a fitting and satisfying role here to be able to serve as the intermediary between what was and what is to be. With that thought, he continued to look at Dan and the meditative and introspective expression on his face. It was not long before a decision came forth.“I am ready,” exclaimed Dan. “I will journey through the Inner Zone first, then the Middle Zone, and through the Outer Zone last. That’s the path I choose for my journey.”“So be it. That’s that path you shall take then,” said LaRue in an enthusiastic voice.“I shall summon the guides and inform them of your decision. There’s one last thing you should know about your journey. Everything you see along the way through your tour of the Inner Zone you can observe, but you cannot interact with any of those you encounter. Do not interact with any of the souls. The experiences will be real and you may feel an intense urge to change or help some of these souls. Some will beg you and be most compelling and enticing, but under no circumstances are you allowed to alter or interfere with what you see. The guide will be there to assist you and answer questions, but interaction with other souls during your transition in the Inner Zone is not permitted. Remember, these souls are where they are based on their own eternal experiences.”In that instant, LaRue vanished into thin air, leaving Dan alone and waiting for what was to come next.SixDAN STOOD STARING out at the luminescent sky and glittering reflective waves emanating forth from the nearby water. The sky was an intense bright blue color that radiated outwards in all directions. He did not know what awaited him, nor his final destination. He only knew he was going on a journey that would begin shortly and he needed to mentally prepare himself as best he could to see and experience what was to come. LaRue’s explanations shed a lot of light on the Afterworld and the journey all souls take, but there were still many unknowns and uncertainties. Only through the journey would Dan be able to fully comprehend everything that had been explained to him, and that was soon to take place.As he looked out across the water, the sky began to gradually change. The deep bright blue colors began to fade turning into a lighter shade of blue. He could still see everything around him, the sky, the river and the distinctive green trees in the distance. However, all of it slowly and steadily became fainter and fainter until only a few spectacles of light blue appeared in the sky and the green trees faded away into light gray shadows.In a few moments more, the few remaining fragments of color were replaced by a uniformly gray tone that gradually became darker and darker until it enveloped everything around him, leaving him in much the same state as when he first arrived ... alone, in the dark, unable to see, hear, touch or smell anything.This lasted for quite some time and Dan began to wonder if something went wrong and this was a permanent state for him, a consciousness alone in an eternal darkness. As he contemplated that thought, he felt a sudden chill run through his spine.“What if this is all there is for all eternity? That would be sheer agony.”Then he realized the chill he experienced meant he still had a physical sensation which had a soothing effect on his consciousness. Suddenly he heard and felt a loud “Boom” that emanated about in all directions which caused his heart to race quickly and nearly startled the living soul out of him. But again he quickly recognized these as sensations of hearing and touch which indicated his physical essence remained intact, and upon reflection his heart gradually slowed to a more normal pace.“I wonder how long this will take?” he asked himself, impatient with the ambiguity and even more anxious to get on with the journey.Shortly after that, a faint spot of light appeared somewhere off in the distance.  As everything else was a complete darkness, he had nothing to contrast the spot against so the light could have been large and a million miles away or small and closer by. Then the spot of light increased in diameter and appeared to be getting closer and closer until the white light radiating about in all directions was all Dan could see. This had a strange effect on his consciousness and he felt like he was consumed by the moving light.“How odd,” he thought. “It’s not a blinding or painful white light, but it’s intensely bright. What a different experience. I’ve never seen or felt light like this before.” Again the light moved and changed. This time the light tightened up into the shape of a tunnel and almost immediately there was a swirl of grays, blacks and whites racing about in a spiral manner. Dan had the sensation of being transported through space and time. As he looked at the whirlwind about, he began to feel uneasy and his stomach began to take on that nauseating feeling like when one has a bout of motion sickness or vertigo.While similar to what he experienced when first arriving in the Afterworld, this experience was in a way quite different. There were no bright colors and the inner sensations he felt were wholly different. This time he felt a grave sense of troubling and foreboding. He did not know what to expect and that uncertainty combined with LaRue’s warnings left him feeling more than uneasy. In the greeting area, there were pleasant surroundings and LaRue’s physical presence which were both comforting. Heck, there was even a dog there. Here there was only a disturbing sense of impending uncertainty.To relax and gain some perspective, Dan thought back to memories of pleasant times he had before he arrived in the Afterworld; times with his family enjoying concerts in the city and walks along the lakefront. Good times, enjoyable and happy times.He recalled one particular day when he and his wife were walking along the lakeshore and they came across a unique snowy owl that was a most unusual sight in the area. Snowy owls were normally found much farther north. They had heard it was possible to sight this particular bird and had brought a pair of binoculars and a camera should they be lucky enough to see the owl. And sure enough, they did see the owl and took quite a few pictures. It was a magnificent bird, majestic in appearance, strong and determined with a resilient aura. It was a beautiful creature of nature that would normally require a trip closer to the Arctic Circle to witness. So fortunate they both felt that they were able to see and experience this wonderful and distinctive bird. As Dan reflected back on that day, he recalled not just the visual memories, but the feelings and sensations he drew from the experience.With those thoughts, Dan began to feel more himself again and returned to the present waiting for what was to come next. As he looked about, the swirling vortex of grays began to slow and soon enough he saw in the center of the swirling tunnel, a faint red hue that appeared to also spin in a circular motion. As he approached, the hue became larger and brighter. Approaching even closer, the red hue gave way and a reddish and dark blood colored sky appeared. It looked and felt ominous.That sickening feeling Dan felt a few moments ago returned. Something did not feel right about this place. Deep down in his soul, Dan felt an intense sensation of horror mixed with disgust. His sixth sense kicked in and his face contorted into a tightened form as he attempted to prepare himself for this stage of his journey. After LaRue’s explanation, he knew this would be the toughest part, but he really had no way of knowing exactly how unpleasant it would be and what he would come across. All he knew at the moment was how tense he felt and it was not good in any way.Not knowing much if any details about what he was to encounter, he was left with that gritty feeling of uncertainty that always provides a level of discomfort. Most people like some level of certainty and in this instance, Dan was like many others. However, at present there was no certainty to be found. For a flashing moment, he thought about whether it would have been better to take the first leg of his journey to one of the other two zones to acclimate himself before coming to this one. But that fleeting thought passed quickly as he realized he would still have to experience all three zones and this one seemed to be the most undesirable. “Better to get this one out of the way first,” he thought.Shortly after that, beneath the blood red sky there appeared a stretch of dark brown colored ground. It appeared small at first. However, it grew larger and larger until it soon encompassed everything beneath and suddenly Dan felt pressure at his feet as he touched the ground. Looking about in every direction, it was the same ... just the blood red sky above and the dirty, gritty soil below, neither of which offered any signs of life or vegetation.After a while, a reddish-gray colored fog appeared that gave this place, whatever it was, an even more ominous presence.Dan thought, “Nothing pleasant in this place ... that’s for sure.”With ground beneath his feet, he started to walk a little which was not as easy as one might think. The dark atmosphere provided no sense of contrast or direction and the reddish fog made it even more difficult to move about as it obstructed the little amount of visibility there was. It was like walking into a dark room and having to be careful not to stumble and fall.However, after taking a few small steps and having the physical feeling of being able to move one’s body about, Dan still felt tense but less anxious. That said, there was nowhere to go and nothing to see at the moment. It was all a single sameness in every direction. Dan continued on slowly and methodically step by step and nearly lost his balance when a sound echoed out from the distance.“Who comes forth here?” the voice said. Startled, Dan turned and looked around, but still could not see anyone or anything. He now felt more anxious.“Who is it that has come to this place? Speak,” shouted the deep voice.Dan had mistakenly assumed his greeting would be somewhat similar to the greeting he had from LaRue, but that was certainly not to be the case. This was indeed altogether different.“I am Dan Alexander ... I’m here on my journey,” said Dan speaking out into the foggy, dim lit surroundings.“You were expected,” said the monotone voice.Dan paused as he waited for the voice to speak again. He heard utter silence. More waiting ... no voice ... nothing ... nothing but slowly building anxiety.So he tried again. “I am Dan Alexander and I’m here to take my journey through the Inner Zone. I was told I would meet a guide that would take me. Is that you?” said Dan.“I am your guide,” said the voice. It was now getting really close and its echo like character began to fade.  “Do you have a name?” Dan asked with a sense of apprehension.“I am called Styx and I will be escorting you through this zone. But first, we need to review the ground rules. It is most important that you follow them. They must be adhered to lest you alter your established path and destination.”“Hold on here!” Dan shouted out into the fog. “LaRue explained that my path was sort of predestined based on my time prior to arrival in the Afterworld.”“That is true,” said Styx.“Well, then what’s this you state about altering my path?” Dan said, with panic in his voice.“Your path and ultimate destination has been set. That has not changed and will not be changed ... unless you violate the rules set forth here. All souls take this journey and are reconciled to their final destination, but the reconciliation process is not complete until you reach the end of your journey. Thus, any action you take here before your journey’s end can ultimately affect your final destination.” said Styx in his loud and monotone voice that felt more ominous the closer it got.Dan was quiet. This was totally unexpected. Apparently there is some risk here associated with making a mistake. He thought back to his conversation with LaRue, and the questions he asked him. He thought carefully on LaRue’s exact wording:“Once here, you take a journey that ultimately balances out your soul’s existence. The end result of all this determines your soul’s eternal future.”He thought back to the discussions about balancing. It wasn’t that he was misled. Rather, it was a matter of understanding exactly what was meant. He interpreted the conversation to mean that everything already had been predetermined prior to arrival when in reality the ultimate determination included the journey itself through the Afterworld.So common is this in language. Two people speak, hear the same words, yet take away different meanings and understand different things. Dan thought about this and the law of universal balance explained to him by LaRue. Now it made sense. Until the end of his journey, it would be impossible to completely achieve a final balance, so anything that transpired between now and the end would certainly affect the outcome of the balancing.Resigned to this fact, Dan said, “Alright, I understand,” in a now less bewildered, but more attentive way.“I’d better listen carefully,” he thought. “The consequences are as big as it gets.”“Very well then ... I will explain the rules you must adhere to. First, you must observe everything you see and experience here. You shall not block out or ignore anything. Second, you shall not interfere with the souls nor take any action despite what you see. You are here to observe only. And finally, you may speak to me and ask questions, but you are not permitted to engage in direct dialog with any of the souls you encounter. You can ask as many questions as you like, but they must be directed to me. Do you understand?” said Styx.“I understand,” replied Dan. Suddenly Styx appeared from the misty fog filled atmosphere. He was quite tall and towered over Dan’s above average height. This gave him an ominous presence which was accentuated by the long hooded black robe he wore. Even at a close distance, it was impossible to make out Styx’s facial features. All that could really be seen were some dark facial lines, but nothing more. Styx’s deep and monotone voice was not exactly warm and encouraging, and now looking at his physical appearance, the feeling of foreboding Dan had was even more heightened.And with that sky darkened and Dan and Styx were transported to the first of many stops along their way through the Inner Zone.SevenIT WAS NOT long before Dan and Styx arrived at their first destination in the Inner Zone. At some distance away, it was possible to distinguish a reddish-orange glowing structure concave in shape and appearance. As they approached, the rust colored metallic appearance of the structure became more visible and Dan could see it stretched along for quite a distance.As he stared at the glowing formation in front of him, a cold sensation came over him, one he was not quite familiar with and found most disturbing. His immediate inner thoughts and feelings were this must be an awful place to spend an eternity. Dark, cold, and hard must be the souls within, if this outward appearance has any bearing on what’s inside the structure.In the center of the curved and glowing edifice, there was a large oblong shaped iron-clad door. Aside from that one visible point of entry, there were no windows or any other points of entrance or egress. It gave the structure a prison like appearance. All in all, it definitely looked like a fortress meant to contain those within rather than to keep others out.“Styx, you said I may ask you questions, and I have a few.” inquired Dan.“Proceed.” said Styx.“Is this where the souls in the Inner Zone reside?”“This is just one of the regions you will visit in the Inner Zone and it contains souls. You will visit other regions beyond this one,” said Styx.“Other regions? How many are there and are they all like this?” asked Dan.“The Inner Zone is constructed of seven regions, each with various containers like this to hold the souls that reside within. Depending on the final balance, if a soul is cast into the Inner Zone, it winds up in one of these regions,” stated Styx in his monotone, but factual voice.“So will I see all seven regions on my journey through this place?”“Yes. You are required to visit all seven,” was all that Styx replied.Dan paused for a moment to consider what Styx had told him. “Seven regions ... at least I know how many I need to go through. That’s something at least. Still, I wonder what resides with each and what I’ll experience.” [image "Figure 1 - Inner, Middle and Outer /Zones" file=image_402.jpg] 
Then his thoughts turned towards what these souls must have done to be placed here and more importantly, had he done anything that might cause him to be placed here for an eternity.“Styx, how did these souls end up in the Inner Zone as opposed to the Middle Zone or the Outer Zone?” he asked, with a more urgent tone.“I can only speak of the Inner Zone and not the others. The souls residing here all shared some similar and some different traits. One of the common traits was a sense of entitlement or superiority. Prior to arriving here, some of the souls you will see were known as ‘elitists.’ Others had different names. All of these souls knew no humility. They created nothing and only took from others. They took and distributed without regard to merit, equality or justice. As a result of their sense of superiority, they committed many crimes against humanity. In doing so, they created such an imbalance over time that they could only adjust by placing them here in the Afterworld.” said Styx.Dan was quiet and reflective. In his day, he had met all sorts of people from many walks of life in various occupations and professions. He interacted and dealt with businessmen, politicians, financiers and all sorts of types that were certainly not pure. In fact, he had seen quite a spectrum of behaviors including those that were not so admirable and some that were even downright appalling.He wondered, “Did any of those he knew end up in this place? ... Then again, what about me? I’ve made a number of questionable decisions in my day and I really don’t know the details or judgment criteria here. What if I am to end up here?”As he continued to look about and take in the desolate atmosphere of this destination, he could feel a sense of despair tinged with hopelessness. However, he could not explain exactly how or why he felt that sensation, but it was there and ever present. It left him feeling uncertain and uncomfortable. As he looked about he saw the sky was dark, but not like the evening darkness back on Earth. There the sky was filled with the light of planets and the stars of the Milky Way galaxy. Those were lights of creation. Here it was all a complete blackness except for the glowing structure in front of him.“What are the souls like within this region and what things did they do to end up here?” he thought to himself.His mind then turned back toward his immediate surroundings and Styx, who was there to guide him and answer questions.“Styx, are all the places that hold the souls in the Inner Zone like this one or are they different.” inquired Dan.“In outward appearance they are all similar except for one. There are six regions identical in shape to this one that form a large circle in the center of which is the seventh structure or region. The seventh region is the smallest and is itself spherical in shape. The difference between these regions lies on the inside of each which you will soon observe.” said Styx.“So what exactly makes the regions different from one another? If all the regions are identical looking except for one, what’s different on the inside?” Dan asked.“The souls within each region are different.” said Styx.“What about them? What makes them different and why place them in different places?” said Dan.“Each soul has a predominant set of behavioral traits and based on those traits, they are separated into the various regions. There is even separation within the regions. Each soul during its existence has had an impact on other souls. Some of the souls here have had a wide impact touching many, while others have had a more narrow impact touching only a few. There is also an intensity factor. Some have touched other souls on a more modest level, while some have impacted other souls on a very extreme level. This is all accounted for and is what determines the final balance and the ultimate destination.” said Styx.Dan considered what Styx had just told him and began to think about the consequences of one’s actions. “So, souls are accountable for their behaviors. Not just in a singular one-dimensional way, but in a range of ways with multiple outcomes.”Then looking toward Styx, he desired to understand a bit more by actually seeing and experiencing the first region.“Styx, I have no more questions for you at the moment. Can we begin?” Dan asked, eager and at the same time anxious to get on with his journey.“We may.” said Styx and at that moment the oblong shaped metallic door opened and the two proceeded through the entryway into the first region of the Inner Zone.EightTHE AIR WAS filled with a stale, musty odor, not so pungent, but not so pleasant either. It was quite dim and a backlit fog hung all about as they passed through the oblong door leaving the dark open space behind them. There was barely enough light to see one's footing as they walked through the cavernous interior.The two were not far along the passageway when they came upon an immense pool of murky water. Within the pool, there were hundreds if not thousands of people shuffling about looking for something. Surrounding the pool was a large containment wall stretching as far as the eye could see. As Dan looked down upon this scene, he was not sure what to make of it all.So many souls were down there moving about. At times, these souls would move independently, but at other times they had a certain sense of unison one sees with a flock of starlings shifting their patterns of movement across the sky. As he took a closer look, Dan noticed these souls were all uniformly dressed in muddy garb and their faces were covered with sweat and grime. Yet that was the least of it. The most unpleasant aspect was the scowl each face carried, lots of scowls, scowls everywhere on every face. Distraught and hungry faces filled with dissatisfaction, despair, and unhappiness. For some reason, they all had a look of need, but of what, he could not make out.Turing towards Styx with a mystified look on his face, Dan asked, “What are those souls doing?”To which Styx replied “Fishing.”“Huh? That is fishing?” said Dan, still confused.“Wait just a moment more and you will see,” said Styx with no sign of emotion in that same monotone voice.So Dan turned his eyes towards the mass of souls roaming about and continued to observe them shuffling their feet in the water and scuffling about in unison. Then suddenly from the center of the crowd a loud cry was heard ...“Fish, fish, fish!” followed by more shouts and a struggle. At that point, the mass of souls all converged upon one another. They were fighting and reaching with their arms in the air, trying to grab the fish and then finally tore it to shreds like a flock of seagulls fighting over a fry on the beach. It was not long after when the commotion died down and the shuffling and scuffling resumed in unison.Curious as to what this all meant, Dan turned towards Styx and asked, “Who are these souls and why are they doing this?”“These souls were of various sorts, but the common trait they shared was taking. They all took from others with concern only for themselves. There were the petty thieves that stole, those that habitually cut in front of others in line, the margin skimmers, and mainly opportunists of all sorts. After taking they delighted in having gained an undue advantage over another. Mind you, none of these souls were major takers. It’s just that their approach towards others was if I take, I win and you lose. They viewed life as a zero sum gain not realizing that creating things expands the pie, so creative activity means more for all. Alternatively, they saw things as limited and felt one must grab what one wants. Grabbing, taking, and stealing, all the same. This is why they are here. They never gave. They took so much a little at a time and for so long a time that it could not be otherwise they ended up here. The universal law requires they be isolated from those they took from and that they balance things out by being taken from for all eternity. That is why you see them shuffle about. They have an innate hunger and are fishing, but when a fish is caught, the one catching the fish never gets to keep it. The fish is taken from him and dispersed about to the others, and this goes on ad infinitum, such that all you see here will have the experience of being taken from and the pain associated with that.” said Styx.Dan sighed. Such a shame, these souls had not the foresight to understand the consequences of their actions. Had they known, clearly, hopefully, they would have behaved differently. Perhaps not all, but most certainly some would have.“Styx, I’m sure many have taken from others, are all the takers here?” asked Dan.“No. All the takers are not here. These are the low level, habitual takers. As you will see on your journey, there are different aspects of taking. There is also an impact factor and an intensity factor that has been considered. The takers here had a modest, but perpetual level of taking impacting a few over time on a gradual level. There are other places that contain the more aggressive types, but I’m getting ahead of myself. You will see and observe all in due time. For now, we must move on.” said Styx.So the two departed the area overlooking the murky pool and continued along the narrow cavernous path. The walls on all sides were dark and shadowy. As they proceeded, Dan felt a definite sense of containment that permeated this region of the Inner Zone. There was absolutely no escaping this place once within.After walking some distance further, they eventually came upon a stairway and started their descent down to an area that was somewhat more brightly lit than the area where the fishing souls resided. But even by typical standards, the place was still very much on the darker side. After reaching the bottom of the stairway, the tunnel like effect dissipated leaving a broad and open area in front of them.As Dan gazed out across the area, he saw a wide open floor stretching for hundreds upon hundreds of yards, above which stood a ceiling that had an array of very thin low-level lights in an evenly spaced grid pattern. It was as if he were looking at a giant upside-down checker board, and after staring at it for a short while, he began to have that nauseous feeling like when one gets a bout of motion sickness. So he turned his eyes back towards the floor and side walls. Along the walls on all four sides of this area, there were giant doors that stretched as far as the eye could see. Lots and lots of doors covered the length of the walls ... doors everywhere leading out into the open area. A puzzling and perplexing look crossed Dan’s face as he pondered what this might be.Turing towards Styx, he asked, “Styx, what is here? I do not see any souls here?”“They will arrive shortly and you will see.” said Styx, matter-of-factly.And sure enough a little time had passed and there was sound; a little like the low-level thunder one hears in the distance of an approaching storm. The sound they heard came from the doors in the walls all simultaneously opening. Souls from all sides came forth slowly and methodically, one by one and line by line until the entire floor was completely filled with people.It was eerily quiet for some time and not a sound could be heard from the crowd of beings. Then the lights above flickered twice and all of a sudden the walled in place was filled with the collective noise of thousands of souls all chattering, talking and blabbing away. It was gradual at first, but the talking became louder and louder, steadily rising until the decibel level became downright unbearable. By this point the crowd was yelling at the top of their lungs, so much so that the amplitude of the noise level became excruciating. Dan covered his ears with the palms of his hands. He knew it was no use asking Styx a question because he would not be heard. All he could do was watch on as the souls yelled at one another raising and waving their arms, but they never physically touched one another.All of a sudden, the lights above became intensely bright and Dan could make out in minute detail every one of the thousands of individual souls that occupied the floor. And after a few minutes passed, the lights again flickered twice. The sound totally disappeared and was replaced by complete silence. Yet, the lights remained intensely bright above with every soul being able to see every other soul in exact detail. All the souls then bowed their heads and faced outward towards the walls. The lights above flickered for a third time and the area became as dim lit as when Dan and Styx first entered the area. All the souls then proceeded back towards the walls and through the doors in an orderly fashion. When the floor was completely empty, another thundering echo was heard as the doors slowly closed leaving a vast emptiness all about.Dan was silent contemplating what this might mean. He knew from his earlier visit with the takers there was to be a rationale, but without some added detail from Styx it was not easy to figure it all out.“Styx, I see there is light, sound and noise, but what am I to make of all this? What did these souls do to deserve this place for an eternity?”“These souls are the liars. They were all habitual, persistent liars. In their prior existence, they knowingly and intentionally deceived others with their tongue and voice, hiding the truth from others. This procession you see repeats over and over. The liars come out of the darkness into the light and proceed to lie to one another until the intensity becomes such an extreme that the light above shines brightly exposing their lies for all to see. Here there is no hiding, no deception, everyone knows and can see through the lies. So, they hang their head in shame and depart back into the darkness from which they came until they are again summoned (i.e. when new souls like you arrive here on their journey). These lying souls achieve no gain, no advantage from their lies balancing out what transpired in their time before arriving here. Each one of them is exposed to each other for all to see their true nature. In the Afterworld, there is no deception. Truth prevails above all.” said Styx.Dan then recalled some of the situations he had early in his career and one in particular. He and a team of people were working a large deal where the customer was not aware of a few critical factors that might influence their decision. It was a very critical time for his company. He knew if the customer had all the facts, they might cancel or delay the decision. His instinct was to come clean with the customer, but he was outweighed by the rest of his colleagues. Feeling the pressure and not wanting to derail his own opportunity for advancement, he remained silent. The customer went through with the purchase and the concerns that were withheld turned out to be both valid and significant for this customer. The customer lost both money and time in addressing their core business issues and Dan’s silence was a contributing factor. He turned toward Styx with a worried look on his face.“Styx, isn’t this a rather extreme punishment? I mean, you’re talking about all eternity here. Lots of people have lied. There are also those little white lies. I mean who hasn’t at one time or another told a lie in a given situation.” said Dan with an interested and concerned look.“These souls you saw lived a habitual and persistent existence based on lies and deception. They all had a lifetime to change their ways and they did not change. So, here they are for all eternity. You say that’s too long. Prior to arriving here, these souls had an infinite amount of free will to change their behavior and they did not change. So the universal law balances out the infinite amount of free will they had to tell the truth with an infinite eternity with which to regret for not doing so.” said Styx.That explanation put Dan a little more at ease. Still he was only in the first region of seven that comprised the Inner Zone and wondered what other scenarios he would encounter. Unpleasantness, horrifying acts and behaviors were to be expected. What else was he to see on his journey and how would that compare to what he had just witnessed? What he just saw was discomforting and certainly left him with a sense of apprehension for what else he might come across. Would he see any more similarities with his own past behaviors? And to what extent?“Styx, I have seen and understand the message. May we please move on?” Dan said with a feeling that left him wanting to forget what he had just witnessed and keep moving forward through the region.“Yes,” said Styx. The two then climbed back up the stairs leading toward the cavernous pathway. Upon arriving at the top, they continued along the dark and enclosed tunnel until reaching another passageway similar in appearance but leading in a different direction.“Styx, what does this passageway lead to?” inquired Dan with a heightened sense of interest and attempting to get a heads up on the next area.“This passageway leads to the second region of the Inner Zone,” said Styx.“Wonderful,” thought Dan with a sigh of relief. “One down, six to go. Perhaps this won’t be that bad after all.”Then he recalled the intensity and impact factors that Styx explained to him and a flurry of all the horrible things human beings do to one another crossed his mind. He frowned knowing that more unpleasantness was to come his way.“Styx, I take it we are leaving this region. Will the other regions be like this ... I mean unpleasant like this?” asked Dan.“That depends on your soul. For some, the intensity and unpleasantness increases.”NineAS DAN AND Styx proceeded through the passageway, it seemed like they would never reach their destination. It was like they were in a long dark tunnel and could see a light at the end, but it was impossible to estimate what it would take to reach it. All this gave Dan some time for reflection.  What he had just experienced was troubling and left him with a feeling of dreaded anticipation.“Apparently these regions of the Inner Zone are all different and have multiple areas within them,” he thought. “Hopefully, there are only a few areas in each region; otherwise this could take an eternity to get through them all.”His thoughts then turned back to his time on Earth before he arrived in the Afterworld. He’d certainly met some scoundrels in his day and wondered what the final balancing had in store for them. However, he then recalled LaRue’s comments about the balancing process and realized it was impossible for anyone to know a soul’s final balance until its journey was complete.Eventually, Styx and Dan reached the end of the passageway and entered the interior of region two. Dan could see this place was quite different than the first region. As he looked out into the distance, he saw a wide open expanse of space that gave him the impression this area was like one massive stadium and much larger than anything he’d seen during his earthly existence. The walls and top were extremely high and the entire region was filled with a bright and sparkling yellow hue that illuminated a giant mechanical structure of some sort located in the center of the stadium. Given the size of the area, the giant machine in its center had to be absolutely massive. The two walked closer toward the machine, and Dan could now see it was covered top to bottom with small individual platforms and levers. As they approached even closer, he could begin to see figures moving back and forth in repetition. Actually they were individual souls, one each standing next to a lever on this giant apparatus. It looked like a giant roller coaster of sorts, but there were no moving parts or any movement at all except for the levers.“What to make of this?” Dan thought.Unlike the way he’d felt in the first region, as he looked about here, he had quite a different sense. It was a mechanistic and ordered feeling that was neither pleasant nor unpleasant. Perhaps the best way to describe it was the environment felt boring and non-dynamic. The machine and its illumination captured his interest, but the gut feeling he felt did not match the visuals. He needed to understand more about what was in front of him so he turned towards Styx.“Styx, unlike the last region, this one is illuminated and clear. This place has a certain oneness about it. I see those souls all moving on the giant machine but cannot appreciate its significance. Can you explain all this?”Raising his arm and pointing at the machine, Styx exclaimed, “Those you see and that machine in the middle serve a purpose. These souls were the ones who were fraudulent, ego driven and arrogant. They made decisions without regard to the second and third order consequences of their actions ... many without regard to the first order consequences. And, as a result of their decisions and actions, they significantly impacted many other souls and not in a good way.Many of these souls were known as academics and researchers, but only a certain subset of those professions are here, the ones who were bought and paid for. And there are others from different professions here that shared similar behavioral traits, so they too are on that machine.All these souls were enabled with an intellect to do good, to create and to expand the mind of others. Instead, they chose to apply their intellect in a way that fed their inner ego driven insecurities. Their large egos masked an even larger inner insecurity. So in an attempt to overcome that feeling, they used their talents to oppress and control others in a vain attempt try to overcome their inner lack of confidence. Not only had they spent a lifetime doing this, they never could escape that inner insecurity and as a result of their actions much harm direct and indirect was done to other souls.The consequences of their actions resulted in taking control of and allocating resources to non-productive and even destructive activities ... activities that could be put to a better purpose to benefit humanity rather than taking from it. As a result, at best there was no creation from these activities, and at worse there was widespread destruction.Among these types of souls were the global warming researchers both for and against that fraudulently pitched a position based on who was footing the bill, rather than what was supposed to be ‘science.’ Objective rationality and scientific purity and truth were cast aside in favor of subjectivity and ego fulfillment. The consequences of all this were to take control over societies and classes of people by reallocating their hard earned resources, wealth, and future potential to a small set of global elitists. As such, much harm was done via control, manipulation and taking; harm that hampered the development of individual minds as well as societal progression. There were others as well who used their intellect to creating things, but this was not a good form of creation. They created things like nerve gas, massive destructive armaments and bombs as well as cancer-causing chemicals and environments. Indirectly, this so-called creation was really destruction fraudulently disguised as creation. Destruction on a small scale that manipulated and hampered the individual and on a larger scale that resulted in the mass destruction of people, places, things, and relationships. There were others more who built their whole profession based on manipulation, control, and obfuscation. They are here as well.Finally, there were the academics whose role and primary purpose was to expand the mind of the youth ... young, open and trusting minds. Instead some of those academics, the souls you see here, consciously chose to brainwash to push an agenda. Thus, pure and open minds became tainted. Minds that never achieved their full growth and potential.” said Styx.Taking in all that Styx had to say and thinking about the current context before him, he paused for a moment. “So how does this machine and its rhythmic movement adjust for all that?” asked Dan eager to see how this all fit together.“These souls across their lifespan had a choice ... many choices actually, to do good, harm or nothing. For these, doing nothing would have been better than what they did. So, by doing nothing for an eternity it balances out the indirect harm they caused to so many.” said Styx.By now, the two had reached the base of the machine and gazed up at the souls, one by one moving their single lever up and down, up and down, up and down in an unending progression. Then Dan noticed something different about some of the souls. A few, but not many, had two levers they pushed up and down, up and down, up and down.“Styx, who are those souls with two levers and what makes them different?” Dan inquired.“Oh, those are the central planners. Not all of them mind you, just ninety-nine percent of them. The machine you see before you actually doesn’t do anything. Pulling those levers back and forth makes them think they are doing something, but the levers aren’t connected to anything. Here the defrauders have become the defrauded. These minds that could examine things in many dimensions are now restricted to a singular dimension. Some of these were economic forecasters who felt themselves so superior that they made up theories and presented them as objective reality when in fact what they offered was just a subjective ego-driven fraud. So for that fraud they perpetrated, these souls get double duty, two levers to pull that do nothing to compensate for the completely subjective, made up farce they pitched to benefit a select few and manipulate society.” said Styx.Having seen the machine and the souls close up, Styx turned toward Dan and asked “Do you have any further questions?”To which Dan replied, “No. You’ve made this all perfectly clear.” His overwhelming sense being one combining revulsion with a healthy dose of disgust.“Styx, I am ready to move on. Let’s get away from these souls. I’ve seen enough of them in my day and certainly don’t need to waste any more time here looking at them.” he exclaimed. So, Dan and Styx hurriedly walked the entire length of the open space observing the machine in its entirety and upon reaching the farthest point opposite which they entered, departed through a passageway similar in size, shape and appearance to the one through which they entered.TenON TO REGION THREE, thought Dan, as he and Styx walked through the enclosed tunnel leading away from region two and towards the third region. Having now achieved a state of comfort with the overall journey process, Dan began to feel a bit more at ease. It’s not that he liked the process or what he was seeing.  Instead, he liked knowing that a process existed and was being followed even though he did not know exactly what to expect or the specific outcome.Then a thought entered his mind: “What about those rules, that warning Styx gave me about only observing and not interacting with the souls I come across? That’s really been quite easy. Just follow along here and try not to anticipate too much. Styx said observe, so that’s what I’ll do. How difficult can that be?” And the thought passed as quickly as it came to him.The two walked on for quite a while, when again there was that light at the end of the tunnel, except this time the light was a bright orange color. As they got closer to the entryway, Dan could see a clamoring about of figures just past the entrance. It was as if they had been anticipating his arrival.“Are you ready?” inquired Styx.“Sure, why not?” answered Dan, showing no sign of concern.They then passed through the entrance and in an instant Dan heard shouts directed at him: “Dan Alexander! Dan! Dan Alexander! Just a word with you!”Dan jumped and almost blurted out, “Who are you people?” But at the last millisecond before his lips moved, he caught himself remembering the warning about no speaking or interacting with the souls.His heart fluttered and nearly skipped a beat. “Close call,” he thought as he turned toward Styx, with a more cautious and guarded glance.“Hey Styx, maybe next time you could give me a little heads up?” he said with a tone filled with a tinge of exasperation and some light humor.“I did ask if you were ready.” was Styx’s response.Still unnerved from the surprise questioning, Dan looked back in the direction of the crowd and was now stunned to see them closing in on him from all sides, and before he could take notice they surrounded him. Styx was nowhere to be seen which only made matters worse.Dan was now closed in on all sides with souls yelling and pointing at him non-stop, incessantly. He didn’t have Styx nearby to answer questions. And, he knew he could not in any way speak or interact with these souls. He felt trapped.“Dan Alexander, a word with you, just one word!” shouted one of the souls. Then another, “Dan, what do you think about your journey, can you give us a comment?” And another, “Dan, do you find this place interesting?”All sorts of questions came at him from all angles. He felt this must be what it’s like to be surrounded by a gang of paparazzi. With Dan not saying a word to them, the souls closed in even closer, so close that had Dan raised an arm, he could not help but bump into them. He felt a desire, an internal urge to flee, to push and shove his way out of the crowd. His muscles became tense, his breath and heart rate sped up. He wanted out.“Away, get away, get away” his mind raced. He now felt angry. “Get these people, souls, whatever the hell they are now away from me!” he thought.But he controlled himself. He froze in place, did not move, did not speak, said and did nothing. Yet, they chanted and chanted desperately looking for some sign, a word, some movement or any interaction no matter how small or insignificant. However, Dan remained steadfast, immobile and silent.Then he calmly closed his eyes and in that second, all at once, the calls and the yelling ceased. It was dead silent. Dan kept his eyes closed for quite some time fearing that if he opened them, the crowd and the chanting would resume.After a while, he decided it was time enough and he opened his eyes to find Styx by his side and nothing else present, except for the bright orange light that permeated the place. Again perplexed and now a bit agitated, Dan turned toward Styx looking for an explanation. Yet, Styx was silent.“Styx, what is the meaning of all this?” Dan said, in a frustrated voice, expecting Styx would come forth with his usual clarifying commentary. But, Styx again said nothing.Now completely exasperated and feeling that Styx let him down a second time, Dan thought to himself, “Some guide I have here. When I really need him, he disappears and when I need to know, he quiets up. I hope he’s not trying to pull a fast one here and trip me up.”He looked over at Styx, but there was no response or movement from him whatsoever.“Styx, will you please explain this to me, what just happened here and why did it happen?”To which Styx responded, “Follow me and we will proceed,” in that same deep but now familiar monotone voice.Clearly upset, Dan thought to himself, “Just when I think I know the process, it seems to change. You’d think Styx would give me a little insight, but no. Then again, I can’t get through this place without him, so he’s the best I’ve got.”So without much choice or flexibility in the matter, he followed Styx, who led the way toward an illuminated object some distance away. At first, it was not immediately recognizable, but upon getting closer, it began to look like a stage of some sort. There were bright lights with a podium in the center and a couple of chairs on the left side. As they reached the edge of this stage, Styx suddenly vanished into thin air, leaving Dan alone looking directly at the stage.“Just great, again Styx disappears, right when I have important questions. This is just mind-boggling.”With Styx nowhere in sight and still feeling annoyed from the prior ordeal, Dan looked over at the stage and thought the two chairs certainly looked comfortable, sort of like when he first arrived at LaRue’s cabin and they took some time relaxing in the red chairs on the porch.“Perhaps, I’ll take a timeout and rest over in one of those chairs?”But then he remembered no interaction and wondered if that meant just the souls or if chairs counted too.“Damn, better be safe and leave the chairs alone for now.”He looked about hoping he might see Styx behind him observing or something like that, but there was nothing there but the orange illuminated emptiness and the stage in front of him. When he turned back toward the stage, he saw a woman there looking right at him. She was tall, blonde and very attractive with long and shapely legs wearing a thin form fitting bright red dress.“Where the hell is Styx?” thought Dan. “Dan Alexander. Dan Alexander, won’t you join me over here?” said the attractive blond as she sat in one of the chairs. “I’d like to have a word with you.”“Just great, I’ve got Styx as an absent tour guide who I’m supposed to trust and depend on and he’s nowhere to be found. And, now there’s a beautiful woman in front of me, who by all appearances looks trustworthy, but I'm not supposed to interact with her in any way. This must be a distraction. This can’t be anything good.”Dan just froze in place observing the woman and the stage, hoping Styx would suddenly reappear. But that was not to be the case.The woman then stood up and walked towards the edge of the stage closest to where Dan stood. As she came closer, Dan caught a better glimpse and could see the stunning red lips, the bright white teeth and the shining hair that glimmered in the stage lights. Her skin was smooth and inviting and she had a charming smile. “Dan, please come up here on stage with me? I would really enjoy your presence,” she asked in an earnest, yet sultry voice. She sounded and looked so sincere and inviting.Dan paused for a moment. He was still annoyed with Styx but regained some of his composure and rationality.“Why is she here and what does she want?” By now she was right at the edge of the stage, standing nearly face to face with him. No more words needed to be said as she used her beauty and body language to say visually everything she wanted to say.Dan turned away. “A trick,” he thought. “Then again, this is not a mirage. It is a real soul, but how and why is she in this place. So sincere looking with that bright smile and good looks ... no, there must be some reason she’s here. I’ve got to stay the course, no interaction.”Dan turned around and walked away from the stage and just as suddenly as Styx disappeared, he reappeared.Surprised, but not totally unexpected, he looked over at Styx and asked again, “Styx, what is the meaning of all this?”This time Styx was more forthcoming with an explanation. “This region of the Inner Zone holds the souls of the corrupted media. The anchors, reporters and celebrities as well as others like them that sought to manipulate and control others through the means of mass communication. While not necessarily the direct source of the corruption, they served the purpose of spreading the falsity and lies, rumors and innuendo. In doing so, they indirectly assisted in causing the destruction of individuals and societies.”“So that attractive blond ... she was a reporter of some sort. Are all those from the media here then?” Dan asked.“Certainly not ... only those who had their integrity, purpose and conviction compromised reside here. These souls put their selfish interests and career gains above their audience and did so repeatedly. Hence, they aided the manipulation of individuals and societies, destroying open, honest and sincere dialog. Many of the souls here were self-absorbed beings seeking fulfillment through the attention of others and never had a thought or care about what the consequences of their actions were. Others were fully cognizant of the manipulation but chose to ignore it and some even embraced it as a means to an end. As such, these souls now reside here, clamoring for all eternity to gain attention, the result of which yields nothing. Without the attention and followers, these souls are hollow to the core and shall remain that way for all eternity.” replied Styx.“Ok, but what if I had spoken with that woman ... gave her some attention. Then what? Would she have achieved what she sought?”“It is not she who would have gained. It is you who would have lost. They are here for all eternity and their fate has been cast and cannot change no matter what happens to you. Alternatively, your fate has still not been fully balanced, so anything you do until such point has the potential to alter your destiny. Look at this journey as a final check and balance, a validating process as to where your final destiny ought to be.” said Styx.“But how was I to know? You could have been more forthcoming in letting me know what to expect.”“That would not have been a valid test,” Styx said.Dan now understood why Styx needed to vanish. It was a necessary test of his conviction. Had Styx told him exactly what to expect and when, that would invalidate the test which apparently was part of the balancing process. Styx was not intentionally trying to throw him under the bus or be misleading.Now feeling somewhat more comfortable with Styx, Dan asked, “Is there more to this region Styx? Am I to see more in this third region?”“There is much more here and while the scenes are different in look and appearance, they are all the same with the same purpose. So, there really is no need to show you more unless that is what you desire?” said Styx.“Ah ... Styx, thanks, but no thanks. I’m ready to move on to the next region.”ElevenDAN AND STYX once again departed through a tunnel, not unlike the other tunnels that connected the seven regions of the Inner Zone. And after a short while, they arrived at the entrance to the fourth region of the Inner Zone. This time as they approached they saw a bright green colored light that illuminated the entryway, giving it a somewhat alluring appearance. Still, Dan could not but help be a little apprehensive as to what would come next.“Almost half way through the Inner Zone,” he thought as the two passed through the entryway and into a long. What was unique about this region was that it was divided into two areas, both parallel and adjacent to one another, separated only by a massive glass wall that stretched up high toward the ceiling. The glass wall looked to be clear and transparent, but the meaning of it was not entirely clear.As Dan looked into the two large areas behind the glass wall, he saw various compartments, but could not make out exactly how many there were in each area, or what purpose they served.Styx spoke first this time, which was out of the usual pattern Dan had become accustomed to. Usually, Dan had to be the one to drive the conversation.“In front of you stand two isolated and distinct areas separated by a clear and transparent wall. While, on the surface, the souls you will encounter in these two areas may appear separate and distinct, under the surface they are nearly indistinguishable. You will visit both areas here.”“What’s this?” Dan thought. “Styx is now finally giving me a heads up? This one has to be more challenging and intriguing.”“Ok, Styx. Let’s get on with it. I see the two areas and the glass wall between them, so where do I start?” said Dan.“You will begin in the area on the left. Unlike the prior three regions you experienced, in this fourth region you may proceed as fast or slow as you’d like. Do you understand?” said Styx.“I understand,” said Dan, content with Styx’s explanation.The feeling of uncertainty he had at the beginning which had turned to caution and then fear had now given way to one of an alertness and openness to observe and understand as best as he could.“Very well then, proceed at your own pace. I will remain here and after you’ve visited each area, I will answer any questions you may have,” said Styx.By now, Dan had become so accustomed to Styx’s deep, monotone voice that it began to take on a different tone, almost friendly. Dan now felt more trusting in that he began to see Styx was here to serve a purpose, and that inspired Dan with a greater level of confidence than he’d felt during his journey through the earlier areas.Dan then departed in the direction of the area on the left and as he passed through its entrance, he immediately smelled a strong stench, a horrendous foul odor.“What a disgusting smell,” he thought as it turned his stomach. “Hopefully, this is not in both areas. Perhaps it will dissipate.”As Dan explored the area, he saw curtains everywhere, and the odor had not changed. It was an old musty smell, sort of like decaying leaves, but very pungent. “Why so many curtains?” he thought. “And, what’s behind them?”So, he walked over to the nearest one and looking behind it saw two men talking with each other. As he looked at them, he saw the first man trembling. He was dirty and gritty with shriveled skin, hollow teeth and sallow eyes. The second man handed him something and he placed it in his mouth and swallowed. He then tilted his head back and closed his eyes and was still for a moment, and then his body began to shake violently. After a moment or two, the man wrenched over in pain and begged for more as he pleaded and groveled about on the floor. The other man looked on and laughed, even delighted in the wretched man’s appearance and what had happened to him.“How strange,” thought Dan. The one is clearly in pain and in bad shape, yet the second man gloats and appears to find enjoyment and satisfaction in the pain of the other.The man in pain lying hunched over on the ground suddenly turned toward Dan, and said “Please, help me. Make him give me more ... I need more, I want more, more.”However, Dan just stood back quietly watching and observing. Then a transformation of sorts took place. The main in pain appeared to be gaining some composure. His face started to become more relaxed and his posture became firmer. After short while, he stood up and began to laugh, at which point Dan saw that the second man who had been laughing earlier was now completely transformed so that he looked like the first man and the first man looked like the second in appearance, but not in face. It’s as if they exchanged personas. Then the one who was originally in pain reached into his pocket and handed the one who had been laughing, but was now begging, a small white tablet which was immediately consumed. The second man now experienced the same pain, convulsions and wretchedness that had happened to the first man. This was very odd, and as Dan continued to watch, this process repeated over and over and over in repetition. Each experienced pain and convulsions while the other looked on and then the roles reversed repeatedly.“Enough with these two,” he thought. “I wonder what’s behind the other curtains.”So, he backed away from the first curtain and went to look behind another one. Different looking people, this time a man and a woman, but the same activity and outcome. He then went to look behind a third curtain, the same process, different faces, but the outcome was the same. At which point, Dan turned and headed back towards the large open foyer area where Styx stood waiting for him.As he approached, he said, “Styx, why were those souls there? They look to be taking some kind of drug that transforms them into something quite ghastly.”“The souls you saw were all dealers in their prior existence; drug dealers, pimps and peddlers who one by one destroyed the lives and souls of others through their deception, false promises, and physical addictions. They did so for a momentary monetary gain and a sense of power and control over others. They lived and thrived off an illicit, unjust and immoral existence. So here they reside, but now the dealers get to deal only with each other and experience the pain, agony and desperation of the addicted, the dependent and the distraught. The users, the abused and the dependents are not here. It’s only dealer against dealer in an unending manner.”“So, why are they behind curtains?” Dan asked.“They hide behind curtains thinking they have deceived and have been unseen, but that is not so. In the universal law of balance, there is no selective display, no hiding, it’s all transparent. The only ones they have deceived are themselves. That’s the purpose of the curtains.” said Styx.“I understand,” said Dan, solemnly. In his day, he saw many addicts on the city streets too far gone for help and rehabilitation. Once hooked, they simply could not get out of the trap that had been set for them.He then looked back toward the glass wall. He’d experienced the area on the left, but now it was time to experience the one on the right.“Styx, I’m ready for the other area. May I enter that one?”“Yes, you may. Take as much time as you’d like,” said Styx, and for just an instant, Dan thought he heard a touch of dry humor come through Styx’s monotone voice.So with Styx remaining on the giant foyer, Dan left him standing there and once again walked towards the wall and entered the area on the right. This time he was immediately greeted with a stench of a different odor. It was a sickly sweet smell like an overpowering body odor ... old, stale and sharp.“Disgusting,” he thought. “This smells like rotten old, garbage. Hopefully, I can get through this one fast. If that smell is any indication of the souls I’m going to encounter, they must truly be vile creatures. Damn, that smell is even worse than the last area.”He looked about and instead of curtains all about, this time he saw rows and rows of tiny platforms all lined up one after another. At the back of each platform, there were rows of chairs, about half a dozen rows with each row having six chairs. Each platform also had what looked like a small dark closet or room on the side and was illuminated by the same green glow the entire region had all about, except the glow above each of the platforms was a more intense dark green color.Dan looked about and thought, “They all look alike, so why not investigate any of them?”Approaching the nearest platform, he walked up to it and began to observe. Gradually the platform became brighter and brighter until it was almost completely illuminated. Then a sound was heard. It was a bell-like sound “ding ... ding ... ding.”Instantly, a man jumped out of the dark closet and started waving in the direction of the empty chairs as if there were people onlooking, but there were none. He was dressed in a sharp looking suit which on the surface gave him the appearance of respectability. However, his pair of beady, shifty eyes stood in sharp contrast to the impression the suit gave.The man then turned and faced toward the empty chairs and started to give a speech of some sort, but Dan was not familiar with its content. He did, however, recognize some of the words and heard lots of promises. From the promises and the man’s body language filled with waving arms and gesticulations, this person looked to be trying to persuade others with a speech, but there were none there to be persuaded. He was working a room filled with empty chairs. No audience whatsoever.“How strange?” Dan thought. “Perhaps, this man is insane and out of touch with reality.” Then a flashback came to him, he’d seen something like this before.“The shiny suit and that distinctive phony wave, I’ve seen it before. Yes, yes, that’s got to be a politician. That’s the way they all are ... one, ten, or a hundred in the audience. The behavior and actions are the same. This one here is no different. Here, there’s no audience at all and it’s still the same.”After a short while, the man’s appearance began to change and he became more frustrated seeing that his language and actions brought no response. Not that there was anyone there to respond, but this man just carried on.With the man becoming visibly more and more frustrated, he started to sweat profusely, so much so that his suit became soaked with sweat and his face turned flaccid, then beet red in color. Suddenly that disgusting odor that filled the entire area intensified, as the man began to strip off his clothes. It was the worst possible body odor imaginable. The tie, suit jacket, shirt, belt, trousers, underwear, one by one each came off until he stood there in front of an invisible audience stark naked and alone groveling for attention that was never to come. The man’s physique was frail, shallow and scrawny. Clearly, the suit served a purpose to hide this and at the same time portray a different image than what it covered up.“Another trick of deception,” thought Dan as he looked on. “What’s on the surface and what’s underneath are two completely different things.”As Dan continued to watch, he could not help but feel a sense of abhorrence and disgust at what this man portrayed. He felt no pity for the man, none whatsoever.Shortly after that there was another ringing of the bell “ding ... ding ... ding.”  It was the final call. The man stood up, exhausted, crying and alone, he slowly redressed himself and returned to the small dark closet at the corner of the platform.“I’m done with this area. What with the rotten smell and the sight of that foul politician, no need to see more of the same. One is sickening enough.”Dan then turned back toward the foyer and saw Styx waiting for him as usual to answer any questions he had.“You’re visit to that area was brief?” inquired Styx, now more openly engaging with Dan, which was a pleasant surprise.“Brief enough,” commented Dan. “With that stench and disgusting display, one viewing was all I could stand. However, I do have some questions so that I can fully understand what just took place.”“Proceed.” replied Styx.“I saw that this was clearly a politician, but what I’m trying to determine is the connection between the two areas in this fourth region? Are they related? There must be some reason these two areas were placed adjacent to each other with only a transparent glass wall in between.” inquired Dan.“They are related. You just witnessed the final destination of the hypocrites. Not just political hypocrites, but all types of hypocrites that portray one appearance and underneath resides another, a diametrically opposite inner self. These are the deceivers, and the fine suit you saw was just one small part of the overall deception ... a false skin meant to mislead and create an appearance of integrity, honesty, and trust, where none exists within the soul. These deceivers say one thing and do another. They attempt to use their language and words for their own satisfaction and gain without regard to the consequences. For them, words are just a tool, a means to an end. Just as you saw in the first area drug dealers, pimps, and others using physical and addictive means to manipulate and take from others, here you see words being used as the tool of deception. These souls peddle words for gain as opposed to drugs, but it had the same destructive outcome to others nonetheless. That is why you find them in the same region. They are in essence the same, all deceivers.” said Styx.“But why did the politician not try to interact with me?” Dan asked, curiously.“That’s because he could not see you. While you saw only one of the many souls in that area, there are all sorts there ... hypocritical politicians, lawyers, businessmen and many others. For them, it’s not just the deception itself, but the act of engaging with others (including other deceivers) that they enjoy and derive gain and pleasure from. So, the law of universal balance demands they have no interaction with souls like you. They may not even have interaction with the other deceivers in the area. That is why you saw all the separate platforms. They are accustomed to crowds and fellow deceivers, deriving glee and feeding off the destruction their words cause. Here they stand alone hoping for an audience to deceive, to cheat, but one never comes. Here they only deceive themselves for an eternity.” commented Styx.By now Dan felt he was getting the hang of it and understood not just the process, but was also better able to comprehend the implications. Feeling a sense of satisfaction and accomplishment, he turned toward Styx and said assuredly “Styx, I’m past the halfway point now.”Styx was silent for a moment and then replied, “That depends.”“What do you mean? Depends on what?” asked Dan, with a puzzled expression on his face.“It depends on how you measure it. Numerically, you’ve seen four of the seven regions, but the intensity of the regions is not the same, it varies. The law of universal balance looks at breath and intensity, not just the number of activities. The next three regions you are about to experience are the most severe and punishing, and by that measure you have a ways to go.” replied Styx.TwelveONCE AGAIN THAT unsettling feeling returned and Dan felt like he was on a roller coaster that gradually reached its peak and was now about to descend in rapid speed accelerating towards the ground. Worse than that, after Styx’s warning, he now felt even more uncertain about what was to come next. All he could do was follow the process and maintain his composure.As they departed through the tunnel leading from the fourth to the fifth region of the Inner Zone, they once again experienced a shining array of light, this time a deep brown iridescent color that swirled about in a spiral motion. As Dan looked about, he could not help but think that there was some unpleasantness to come, but took solace in the fact that he was indeed progressing through the regions.Upon entering the fifth region, he saw a wide open field that was a muddy dark brown color, above which stood a chocolate gray colored sky. Unlike the crops and fields he was accustomed to in the farm country, this field was a barren filled wasteland covered with mounds of dirt. And, it was not just the field that felt barren. The sky was an uninviting color that certainly looked threatening, even deadly. There was no way this field was going to spawn anything that grew.With an ominous look on his face, Dan looked towards Styx and asked, “Styx, will I be experiencing different areas in this region?”Dan asked the question, knowing this was to be more unpleasant than the prior regions and silently hoping he only had to endure one area.“What you see is the entire region and there is only this one area. However, whereas in the prior region you determined the extent of your visit, in this region you have no choice but to follow the path selected for you.”“Selected for me? My path through this field is unique, different than that of other souls?” inquired Dan, hoping this did not mean he was somehow affiliated in any way with this region.“The path is unique for you. It is unique for all the souls on their journey through this region. Here the path and duration has been determined by the law of universal balance. Some spend a short time here, others longer, and others longer still. As you’ve seen some souls return to one of the regions for eternity and some will end up in this region for all eternity.” said Styx.Resigned to not having a say on the duration, Dan looked towards Styx and asked, “Styx, alright, may I begin?”“You may proceed. You see the field in the distance over there. You shall walk through the field and remember do not speak or interact with any of the souls you encounter. You shall continue walking until commanded to turn around and return here.” said Styx.“How will I know when it is time to turn and come back?” Dan asked, to be certain he knew when it was appropriate to return.“You will know.” was all Styx said.Dan then looked towards the brownish field and walked in its direction. It was a dirty place and the air was filled with the scent of death and decay, almost morgue-like.As Dan got closer, he could see rows and rows of sporadically placed mounds of dirt, sort of like snow moguls, but dark brown colored moguls. As he got even closer, he thought he saw one of the moguls move a little and this startled him.“What the hell was that?” he thought to himself. “Is there something living in here?”Then another one of the moguls moved and he knew he had not imagined the movement.“Damn, I better be careful here. The last thing I need is to be caught off guard and bump into one of these things. There’s no way I want to screw up and interact with something in this horrid place.”As he moved closer still, he began to hear sounds coming from the moguls, sounds of pain and misery.“What is that?” he thought.As he moved even closer, he began to recognize the shapes of the dirty mounds. They were not just mounds of dirt, but mounds of dirt with people planted in the dirt chest high so that their arms were buried beneath the soil, leaving only the chest, neck and head exposed.“How horrifying?” he thought. “What a way to spend an eternity? Whatever these souls did, it had to be extremely awful.”Dan paused for a moment. He could now see these moguls, half buried people actually, were relatively close together and that the ground’s surface was uneven. If he were not careful, he could lose his balance and step on one of these things.“I’d better tread carefully through here.” he thought.Finally, he caught an up and close glimpse of one of the mounds and saw a mud covered face. The eyes were squinting in pain and fearful anticipation, but anticipation of what was unknown. Dan stared at the face and saw that it was covered with scars. The eyes looked back at him. Then the face spoke to him.“Kind soul won’t you help me just a little. If you wouldn’t mind, would you just move a little of that dirt there in front of me, it would help my breathing. You would be so blessed for that my son,” said the face.Dan looked at the man’s discomfort, and the words and tone sounded so sincere. The face, even through the dirt and grime, looked kind and caring. Dan felt an inner feeling of sympathy for just a second as he looked at the man, but his gut told him something was not quite right. Then his logic returned to him and he remembered this soul was here for a reason, although exactly what reason was not entirely clear.As he thought about the situation, there was a sudden “Crack” and a bolt of lightning shot across the sky. In that exact instant, the dirt field in which Dan and these chests and heads stood started to move, and there was a digging sound. Something was coming up through the dirt and suddenly the entire place was covered with rats and rodents, running about in all directions. The rats then climbed the short mounds and began pecking and biting the faces, chests and necks of the planted souls ... blood mixed with dirt was everywhere. The faces screamed out in pain as they experienced the horror of being chewed and devoured. Dan’s heart raced, he’d never experienced anything so gruesome in his life. These half-bodies were being devoured right before his eyes.Dan then turned back toward the man that had spoken to him and his persona was completely changed. The kind and warm face was now snarling, growling, lunging and biting back at the rats. He spat at them in anger and rage. What a bone chilling and horrific sight.Dan turned away from the man and as he did, the sky filled with rain and poured down on the fields flooding out the rats that scattered back into holes and crevices from which they had come. The field again looked as it first looked, except now it was muddier and bloodier due to the rain and rats. The faces all about were filled with blood and mud groaning in a discordant tune of agonizing pain.Despite all that happened, surprisingly Dan was not wet or dirty. He saw and heard the rain and mud, but it did not touch him. Then all at once the faces in the field shouted out in anger: “RETURN ... RETURN ... RETURN!”Taken aback and shocked by what he’d just experienced, Dan quickly turned around and hurried back toward Styx. It was not long before he reached the edge of the field and found Styx there patiently waiting as usual.“Styx, that was an absolutely gruesome experience. What was that all about?” Dan shouted in an elevated voice. “That’s a horrible punishment to endure for an eternity. What those souls must have done had to be absolutely atrocious.”“Those souls you saw in that field earned their place in this region. These were deceivers, but of a much different sort. These were the religious leaders that sought to exploit their flock for money, greed, lust and deception. Far more hypocritical and destructive were these souls. Their stated purpose was to nurture, support, aid and foster the spiritual growth of souls in the universe. Yet, those you saw in that field not only took advantage of the innocent and unsuspecting, but they also hampered, polluted and destroyed many other souls in the process. So despicable were these and such damage was created on an individual basis, that these souls reside here to experience the other side of the physical, emotional and mental abuse they caused, in order to balance out their sins for all eternity.” said Styx.He continued, “You did well to not interact or help them.”“Well, what if had I been fooled by them, what then?” asked Dan.“Again, you would have altered your final balance. Yet, you did not interact with them. Such is the value of experience. You instinctively knew these souls deserved no help. What may fool many in their youth will not fool those who’ve been observant over life’s many seasons?” said Styx.By now Dan had regained some of his composure, and said to Styx, “OK, just one more question and then I want to get as far away from this place as possible. Why did they shout at me to return, when they could have waited and tried again? Perhaps they’d have another chance and I’d try to remove them from the soil? Why were they not more persistent in their efforts?”“Just as you instinctively knew through life’s seasons not to aid and assist them, they too knew that you would offer no help no matter how many times they persisted in asking. That would only bring them more pain. Had they asked and you stayed for another try, the process of the rats and the rain would have repeated again and they would experience even more pain and suffering, so they yelled out in anger for you to go away.” said Styx.“And, what of those souls that come here on their journey, what if they were to aid and assist.”“That’s their unique journey and it affects their ultimate and final balance. All souls, given a lifetime, have experiences they learn from and some of that learning is not repeating the same mistakes over and over. Other types of learning are recognizing falsehood, deception, and evil ... and not aiding it in any way.” said Styx.The two then turned away from the field and entered the tunnel leading to the sixth and last region on the circumference of the Inner Zone.ThirteenONCE IN THE tunnel, the familiar spiral pattern filled the walls, this time with a deep blue iridescent color. As Dan looked at the walls, the feeling of disgust he felt in the fifth region faded and a new sensation began to take hold. Somehow he began to sense a powerful force, a heavy force, one that felt like an immense burden on his shoulders. He could not explain this, but that was how he felt as he saw the entrance to the sixth region just ahead.As he and Styx entered through the passageway, Dan immediately felt and observed a tightness and tenseness in his chest. As he looked around, all he could see was a small circular shaped building in the distance that was dark gray in color on the outer surface with a narrow door.“Styx, is that where the souls reside in this region?”“That is where they are held in perpetuity like an annuity that never ends.” said Styx.“Interesting, this place is smaller in size than the other areas and regions I’ve experienced. Why is that?” Dan asked.“This region is more exclusive. It’s for a unique set of souls, quite small in number actually, just a fraction of those in existence.”“Well, what are my instructions for this part of the journey?” inquired Dan, who now had a more trusting acceptance of Styx and the role he served as his guide.“You are to walk over to that circular building and enter through its narrow door and observe, just as you have in the past. You may spend a little or a lot of time in there, that is your decision.”“That’s it, just go in and come out?” asked Dan, surprised that he could limit the duration of this one.So he proceeded towards the building and as he approached that heavy feeling and tightness in his chest increased, and the closer he got the more burdensome it felt. He was now beginning to feel uncomfortable, not just physically, but mentally. And, he was at a loss to understand why.When he finally reached the door, he found that it was very small, so much so that he wondered if he’d be able to get inside. He tugged at the door and it opened rather slowly and then he had to get down on his hands and knees to crawl through it and he just barely fit. Apparently, this place was not easy to get into, and probably just a difficult to get out of.Then a thought struck him as he forced his way through the door of this small circular building. “I wonder if this is the ‘Inner Circle’ that LaRue was joking about before I departed on my journey? It’s got to be somewhere in one of these regions,” he grinned, but then returned to the gravity of the situation ahead.Once within the room, he saw a group of men and women walking about in a circular formation. Each held their arms above their head carrying a bar of steel, a heavy load indeed. As Dan looked at their faces, he saw an intense level of pain with blood vessels popping and their eye whites turned into a bloody red as they moved about. The steel bars looked extremely heavy to lift, let alone carry for any period of time. So weary were they, so exhausted looking that when Dan had entered the room they failed to notice at first. Then one of the men did notice that Dan was there and shouted over at him:  “Hey you! Get over here. Give us a hand and right now! Move it!”“Huh?” Dan thought to himself, as he patiently looked on. This was one mean looking crowd. Their eyes were bloody red and wretched with saggy bags above and below. Grim faces, unhappy faces, arrogant faces ... all of them. Every vein of their bodies bulged out and their arms and legs trembled due to the load they carried. These souls were in immense pain and there was no let up at all.As Dan looked on, he could begin to feel the pain these souls were enduring. That tightness in his chest he experienced a while earlier began to intensify, and his arms and legs began to feel weary. As he looked on, he was expecting some sound or signal that would alter the scene he was observing, but no signal came. About all he could determine was that these souls were all carrying a heavy burden and they seemed to be working in unison as they moved about in an unending circular pattern around the room. He continued to observe them for a little while longer and heard the occasional demands from them here and there, but then he felt a sharp pain in his chest. “This is not good,” he thought, as it reminded him of the intense pain he felt just before departing the earthly world.“I’d better leave now, I’ve seen enough.”So he made his way back to the narrow door and noticed it looked different.“It can’t be, I must be imagining this.” Dan thought.  But, when he got down on his hands and knees and looked at the doorway, he noticed is was indeed different.Upon making his way into this place, he just barely fit through, and now as he reached over to open the door, it did not move.“What’s this, some kind of joke?” he thought, and then panic began to set in. “What if this thing doesn’t open? Another thing Styx failed to mention. What if I stayed in there too long and the door kept getting smaller and heavier?”With no time to waste, he got down on his back with arms stretched forward grabbing the door with his legs spaced apart on either side. He tugged with all his might and the door barely budged, but it did move a just a little. So again he tugged and it moved some more, and on the third try he was able to open it. But there was a problem; it was narrower.Dan just looked at the narrow exit way. “Oh no, it’s really small.”With no other alternative but to try and force his way through, head first he went crossing his arms and placing his hands on his shoulders becoming as compact as possible. He managed to squeeze his upper body through the doorway and then braced his arms on the wall and pushed his lower torso through the door. It was close, but he managed to exit the place.Returning to Styx for an explanation, in an exasperated voice he exclaimed, “Styx, I was almost trapped in that place!”“It's supposed to be that way,” Styx replied. “Getting in is a challenge, but getting out is nearly impossible.”“Well, that was one mean and nasty crowd ... arrogant and demanding, but in no position to demand anything. I shudder to think what they might have been like had their arms been free of the load they were carrying. Who were those souls?” inquired Dan.“Those were bankers, but not necessarily the types you may be familiar with; they were an entirely different breed. Those were investment bankers and central bankers, not your local bank teller. Throughout their existence, those bankers exploited and burdened not only individuals but whole countries and societies with their trickery and arrogance. They burdened others with massive debts enslaving entire populaces, the consequences of which caused wide scale pain and destruction, suicides, failed marriages and dependence. They not only plotted, but they also schemed and used their creative abilities to invent more and more ways to skim and enslave. Some of them were so haughty, egotistical and conceited that they claimed they were doing God’s work and belittled and destroyed any that challenged them.Understand, for societies to evolve, grow and produce, there needs to be a mechanism in place to feed and foster that growth and that mechanism is the monetary system. But, it needs to be based on integrity, trust, fairness and truth. These souls you saw violated all those foundational and essential values. They stole and perverted the system to benefit a very small few. In so doing, they unjustly and unfairly placed a burden of massive debt on all they encountered and used that burden to control, manipulate, enslave and ultimately destroy the creative processes that allow individuals, communities, and countries to grow and prosper. Worse than that, they worked in an ‘organized’ and ‘criminal’ manner.That is why you see them here carrying the burdensome load in agony as they walk in a controlled circular manner. Here, they carry the heavy and painful burden and have no control whatsoever. The law of universal balance is doing what it must to balance out the massive pain they caused other souls and adjust for everything they destroyed with their greed and hubris.” said Styx.“Well, that does seem a just punishment for that crowd. They did not even ask for help, they just demanded it,” was all Dan had to say in response.“Corrupted to the core, that’s all they know. They are incapable of feeling compassion for another. They can’t ask for help because they never knew what it was like to be in need. All they knew and ever knew was supremacy over others, so that’s the only language they can speak.” said Styx.“Well Styx, there’s no compassion for them within me. They’re reaping what they sowed. Shall, we move on. I’d like to never again see such repulsive creatures.”“We shall. You’ve now seen all of the six regions that surround the seventh region of the Inner Zone. Are you ready to see the seventh and final region?“I am more than ready.” said Dan.FourteenBY THIS TIME, Dan and Styx had traversed the complete circumference of the Inner Zone. All that remained for them now was to reach the seventh region, the smallest and most compact region in the Inner Zone.Having now been through the various tunnels that connected the regions, Dan was caught off guard when Styx, instead of walking toward the next tunnel, began to walk toward the center of region six.“Styx, I thought we were going to the next region. Why are we turning back?” said Dan with a slight alarm in his voice.“We are not turning back. The next tunnel takes us back to the first region where we started. As I mentioned at the beginning of your journey, the Inner Zone is constructed of seven regions, six in a spherical circumference around the seventh. We need to take a different path to reach the seventh zone. Follow me.”With Styx leading the way, they headed back toward the center of the sixth region with Dan in lock step. Other than the circular edifice housing the investment bankers, this region was for all intensive purposes empty. All of a sudden Styx stopped.Dan looked around. There was nothing unusual or different about this particular spot and there was seemingly nowhere to go. “How will we get there?” he thought, anxiously waiting for Styx to provide some insight.“We are here,” Styx said.Dan looked all around: Nothing above ... nothing below ... nothing in front ... nothing behind ... and no sound.“What do you mean we are here?”“Each of the six regions has a place like this that connects them to the inner seventh.”A bright red light then appeared on the floor by their feet, small at first and gradually becoming larger in circumference. It continued to increase in diameter until it looked to be about twelve feet around. Then it stopped. Gradually the entire floor within the circumference turned bright red and in an instant the floor beneath them disappeared with a giant ‘whooshing’ sound. Dan felt as if he were falling downward, spinning in a tight spiral. He felt considerably disoriented. Then just as quickly as the movement started, it stopped. With his stomach upturned and his vision impaired, it took a few moments for him to regain his sense of balance and sight.“We are now here in the seventh and innermost region of the Inner Zone,” Styx said in his monotone, but now comforting voice Dan had grown accustomed to hearing.Other than Styx’s voice and the sounds emanating from the souls he saw in each of the regions, the entire Inner Zone was devoid of any sound whatsoever. So Styx’s voice by itself provided a needed contrast.“Are you ready to proceed?” said Styx.Dan looked around. While the area was illuminated in a purple colored glow, he could see clearly in all directions. He surveyed his surroundings with intense curiosity. The place could not have been much larger than a small theater, perhaps even smaller. Suddenly, a claustrophobic feeling came over him. The more he looked around, the smaller and smaller the area became, until it appeared that they were standing in a small room and then a closet of sorts.“Styx, what is this? What’s happening?” shouted Dan in a tone of anxiety.“You are feeling the effects of this region. It is the smallest of all the seven regions and within it there is a strong and powerful force that continually compresses and compresses into a tighter and tighter, smaller and smaller space,” said Styx.“Why does it do that?” inquired Dan, with panic in his voice.“It is the nature of the place and the souls that inhabit it.”“But, it feels so empty, so dark, so enclosed, and constraining,” Dan said, now very much alarmed.As the room continued to close in around him, it was not long until he could no longer see Styx or anything else around him. The room became a closet, which became a coffin, and now the coffin closed in around him. But it was not just space, it was a pressure, a force, one of compression ... gradually and increasing compression. And not just compression, there was heat, gradually increasing heat such that Dan now felt he was in a pressure cooker being cooked alive.He began to feel a burning sensation and in a short while, it covered his entire skin. He felt his arms and legs roasting. His head was as if in a vice, one that smashed it in from all sides. He could hardly think. He felt immense tension like the piercing of lightning bolts ramming through his brain. The pain was absolutely excruciating.“Styx, Styx ... Get me out of here! It’s unbearable! Please get me out of here now!” Dan cried out.In that instant, the heat, pressure and intense pain gradually subsided. Dan now stood looking at Styx.Taking some time to regain his senses, Dan commented, “Styx that is a horrible fate for any soul to endure. That was absolutely the worst thing I’ve ever experienced.”“You felt only the beginning, the pain and compression increases continually like light and matter being compressed within a black hole. The souls never lose consciousness, but endure the pain you felt and more for an eternity. They remain alone with no interaction between souls and unlike some of the other souls you came across on your journey, the souls you saw here are completely unaware of any other presence than their own.” said Styx.“Enduring that for an eternity ... that is an unimaginable fate. What could these souls have possibly done to deserve all that?” said Dan, still feeling the effects of his experience.“In the first six regions, you saw the ultimate destiny of the takers, the liars, the fraudulent, the manipulative communicators, the hypocrites, the religious exploiters, and the societal destroyers of souls. The souls you see here through their behaviors, traits, and inner self, embraced and fostered all of those prior destructive tendencies. Not only that, they took the level of individual and societal destruction to a level above what any and all of the prior souls had done.That is why they attained this place in the seventh region of the Inner Zone. They took the destruction of people, places, things and the souls of others to a level unthinkable. So wide scale and intense was the destruction they caused, that the law of universal balance can only place them here alone in pain and agony for all eternity to offset the massive, wide scale damage they caused.” said Styx.“Oh my,” said Dan with a huge sigh. Collecting his thoughts and reflecting on everything he experienced on his journey through the Inner Zone, he asked, “Who were these souls?”“They were the tyrants and the despots that killed and slaughtered hundreds of thousands and millions through wars. Souls filled with extreme arrogance, hubris, pride, greed, and hatred. They believed themselves to be supreme beings and gods ... innately ‘exceptional’ above and beyond all other creatures and souls. They felt no pain of another and no concern. All they cared about were finding ways to take, exploit, control, manipulate and make all subservient to their whims. Shameful, divisive, corrupt, deceitful and immoral to the core were these souls that destroyed the souls of others ... the innocent, the unsuspecting, the trusting, the honest and the sincere, the creators and producers of growth.”Had it been possible to eliminate the entire existence of these souls from the beginning to the end of time; that would have been preferable. But that is not objective reality. They existed and so they must exist here for all eternity to balance out the destruction they caused.”Dan reflected on all he had seen and experienced ... It was quite a thought-provoking tour. He now knew the full purpose of his visit to the Inner Zone. His own final balance required a full awareness of not just the good side of existence, but the evil side as well. Ignorance, pretending, and denial to confront the objective state of the universe and the souls within it cannot exist throughout eternity. Full awareness is needed for the ultimate balancing of one’s own soul.“Styx, I now understand. Thank you,” said Dan, the comment aimed directly at Styx.“Understood.” was all that Styx replied in return.FifteenTHE CIRCULAR RED light that had originally been seen when Dan was transported to the seventh region of the Inner Zone returned. Once again the light increased in diameter and intensity and the floor around him was covered in a bright red glow. A sudden, but this time expected “whoosh” was felt and Dan was immediately transported through the vortex, but this time the sensation was upward through the spiraling portal. The purplish spiral of light became mixed with blacks, whites and grays as Dan felt himself transported through space and time. The spiraling slowed a little and then finally stopped.Dan turned toward Styx, expecting to see him next to him. But, Styx had vanished. Dan looked about and all he saw were various shades of grays, whites, and black. Wherever he was now there was no color, only gray tones and hues. This was a little disorienting. Accustomed to living in a world filled with all sorts of colors and tones, it now appeared as if he’d been transported back to a time when only black and white photography and video were available, like he’d been tossed into a black and white movie or something. Yet, after a short while, Dan’s eyes adjusted and he could see clearly, so he began to assess his surroundings.Aside from the monotone neutral color, this place had a certain sense of emptiness about it ... a definite dullness of sorts. As Dan began to walk around, he saw a field of tall grass in the distance and headed off in its direction. How odd it felt to be walking through this environment. As he explored, he saw no activity or the usual signs of life like birds chirping or trees rustling in the wind. It all seemed quite static. No sound at all.Perhaps he was ‘in a silent movie’ he chuckled to himself. But then became more serious, again recognizing the importance of his journey through the Afterworld.He roamed about and then something hit him. All the trees looked alike right down to the leaves. Not just the same type of tree, but the same size and shape ... all of them. Everything was so static, no wind, nothing moved. Staring at the trees intently, he began to feel like he’d left the black and white movie and entered into a black and white painting. Then he took a few steps and regained his sense of place and movement. He was not used to an outside environment where nothing moved at all. He walked further on and came across a small lake. Its surface was like a panel of mirrored glass and the reflections coming off the lake of the trees and immediate surroundings were exact reflections. There were no waves and no variance whatsoever, making it difficult to distinguish between the two.“A strange place,” he thought as he continued exploring. A short while later, Dan saw a figure in the distance sitting on a bench. Sure enough, it was a man, definitely much shorter in stature than Styx. The man had an obtuse appearance about him. As Dan walked toward the man to get a closer look and greet him, he could see the man was of medium height with a roundish belly and balding head. All in all, he was rather bland and neutral looking without any prominent or distinctive features.By now Dan was almost directly in front of the man and having seen no response from him, Dan walked up to him, eager to understand where he was.“Who are you and what happened to Styx?” Dan said with an inquisitive interest.Looking straight ahead with minimal movement of only his lips, the man said, “You are now here in the Middle Zone and Styx has remained in the Inner Zone where you first met him. I am Knull, and I will be your guide for your tour of the Middle Zone.” said the expressionless man.“How odd? This man speaks, but he has no body language or facial expressions.” Dan thought to himself.“Ok, you are my guide for the Middle Zone?” said Dan.“I am.” said Knull.Knull was not much of a talker. Not that Styx was much either with his monotone voice, but at least Styx had a decent intellect. This one here though was a real bore, ‘a stick’ thought Dan. Intuitively, Dan knew he was going to have to lead this guide through the Middle Zone were they to make any progress.“Knull, are there any particular rules I need to follow on this part of my journey? In the Inner Zone, there were some basic rules I was required to follow. Are there any here?” asked Dan.“There are no rules for you to follow here?”“Wonderful ...that should make it a bit easier.” Dan thought.“So Knull, are there separate regions in this zone, like in the Inner Zone. There they had seven regions. How many do you have here?”“There are no different regions here. Just the one you now see,” said Knull, still sitting and not moving a muscle.“Oh, my!” thought Dan to himself. “This is going to be boring with no movement, no color, and no sound. Perhaps, this is a quicker tour than the one through the Inner Zone and at least there’s just this one region. Hopefully, I’m not in for a long and tedious experience.”“Alright then, Knull, how about we get on with it. What’s our next task, where might I go to understand more about the souls that reside in this place,” inquired Dan, doing his best to rouse some sense of action into Knull.“See that hill off in the distance. Go over there and behind the hill, you will start your journey,” said Knull.So Dan turned and began walking in the direction of the hill and then he stopped. He turned and looked back to see Knull just sitting on the bench.“Knull, are you coming? When I first arrived, LaRue said I would have a guide in each zone that would answer my questions.”“No. You go. I’ll be here when you return and will answer any questions.”Dan felt a bit frustrated at Knull’s sense of inactivity. But then recognized it was probably better without him. At best he’d slow everything down and at worst, they’d spend an eternity trying to get through this Middle Zone and Dan certainly didn’t want that. So without further hesitation, Dan headed off with a quick pace in the direction of the hill.Upon reaching the hill, Dan quickly made his way through the stagnant grasses, climbed them and saw hundreds of figures sitting on the ground below. He then climbed down the hill to take a closer look and saw that just like the rest of the place, these figures were stationary much like Knull. Even as he approached, they did not move a muscle. They looked like zombies just staring into space.Dan yelled out, “Hello there!” No response. He sensed these souls were going to be as challenging, if not more challenging than Knull was to converse with.Again he tried, approaching a woman sitting nearby. “Hi, I’m Dan, what’s your name?”The woman just yawned and closed her eyes.“Well ... at least there’s some movement,” he thought. So, he approached the next one with the same greeting and got the same yawn and closed eyes ... then another and another, with the same response.“Enough of this. I’ll head back to Knull. At least he can speak.”So he climbed up and down the hill; a short while later reaching the bench and Knull.“Knull, who were those souls?”“Those souls are ‘the lazy.’ Too tired and disinterested to do much. Before arriving here, they spent their time lying around doing the least possible, avoiding any and all strenuous activity and independent thought. These souls for one reason or another lacked initiative and never having put forth much energy, never achieved much either. That is why they now reside here.”“Very interesting,” thought Dan, recalling LaRue’s explanation of the law of universal balance. “While these souls apparently avoided the activities and behaviors that caused the souls in the Inner Zone to be where they were for all finality; these souls never having exerted much effort positive or negative, created minimal activity and growth, so they reside here in this colorless and lifeless environment.”Dan looked back over towards Knull and a lethargic feeling came over him.  So he took a seat on the bench next to him and closed his eyes for a while and began to relax.“Wait a minute,” he thought, “Is this environment having an effect on me? I’ve not felt this tired and weary since I arrived in the Afterworld.” Aware of the effect, he immediately regained his senses and looking over at Knull. “Better, keep my mind active,” he thought to himself.“Knull, if you don’t mind my asking, what made you want to be a guide here?”“I did not want to be a guide here.”“Well, then why are you one?”“We all have to take turns?”“So, you weren’t selected as a guide for me. I just happened to get you as a guide.”“Yes.”“Well, are all the guides like you? I mean are they are like you and the souls I saw on the other side of the hill?”“No. Those souls you saw are called the ‘lazy’ and I am one of their kind.  There are different types here as well.”“I take it I’ll be seeing them on the rest of my tour through the Middle Zone.” said Dan.“You will.” were all words Knull could muster up.SixteenAFTER THE SHORT discussion with Knull, Dan’s curiosity and interest were piqued. So he decided it was time to explore the other areas of the Middle Zone and meet the various types of souls that resided within it. Standing up again, he stretched his arms and legs and turned toward Knull with a fervent look on his face.“Knull, where shall I go next?” Knowing that he was not going to be overflowing with details, Dan decided to keep the questioning straight and to the point.“Over there. You see that patch of the trees in the distance. Go there.”“Thank you, Knull.”Off Dan went slowly at first, but he picked up the pace as his energy returned. By now he was fully accustomed to the drab colors and any change in scenery caused by his movement now seemed engaging and stimulating. A short while later as he approached the patch of trees, he began to see that they were actually quite thick and dense, spanning one hundred yards or so in width, but he could not assess the depth until he either walked around them or through them.“Better to navigate the circumference,” he thought. “That way I can assess how deep they are.” Not wanting to spend an inordinate time roaming about in the middle of the dense foliage, he wanted to try and make this tour as efficient as possible.Dan chose the path to the left and once past the corner, saw that this mini forest was about as long as it was wide making it approximately one hundred square yards.“Easily manageable,” he thought. So not needing to assess the circumference any further, he turned towards the trees and made his way inward in a direction which he estimated to be the center. The trees were dense, but not so thick that he couldn’t make his way through at a reasonable pace. After weaving back and forth through the forest for about thirty yards, he saw an opening in the trees. Walking towards it and passing through the opening, he found a large open space in the middle with a small lake in the center filled with souls moving all about. Some were swimming in circles and others walked randomly back and forth around the lake, but none seemed to be interested in the trees or what was on the other side of them.“How strange? ... There’s movement here. Clearly, they are of a different type than that to which Knull belongs.”There had to be several dozen or more souls in this small area and their movement was quite a contrast to what Dan had experienced thus far.“Hello there!” shouted Dan in a loud and friendly voice.No response. Nothing at all. “I wonder if they are deaf. ... Nah, not likely.” he thought.Hoping he might have better luck with this crowd, he figured he’d try to confront a few of these souls and assess their reaction. Soon after, Dan saw a man walking nearby, so he decided to obstruct the man’s path in an attempt to get some kind of reaction from him. However, the man just walked around Dan as if he wasn’t even there and continued on his way.“No luck with that one.”Dan then walked up to another soul, this time a woman and started waving his arms in front of her as she approached. Same effect, he was totally ignored as if here wasn’t even there. After several more attempts at trying to engage with these souls, Dan had an idea that this place was not too complicated nor were the souls within it, so no use going overboard.“So far the pattern with these souls in the Middle Zone has been rather simple.  It’s kind of ‘what you see is what you get.’ What’s strange though is these ones do have physical energy, but they certainly aren’t mentally engaged.”Having tried a couple more times with no success, Dan decided it was time to turn back and return to the bench where Knull sat to get what little information he could out of him. On the return walk, Dan quickened his pace a little. Perhaps seeing some movement in this place had an effect on him, but it was more likely he just wanted to stay alert and remain focused on getting through this part of the journey.Arriving back at the bench and wasting no time, he asked Knull, “Who were those souls? What type were they?”“Those are called the ignorant and escapists.”It all made sense to Dan now. Hiding behind the trees and out of sight of anything they might see on the outside, they had their own little world where they could escape to and ignore everything except for the scenery within. They had physical movement and energy but chose to not mentally engage the reality of the world around them. That is why they were here in the Middle Zone. Having minimally engaged in the earthly realm, the consequence of their actions was nothing too positive or too negative, sort of a neutral balance, so they reside in this state for their eternity. At least, they’re not in the Inner Zone was about as much as one could say about this crowd.“Knull, I only saw a perhaps a dozen or so of those escapist types. Are there more here in the Middle Zone?” he inquired.“Yes.” replied Knull, not much for offering extra unrequested detail.“How many?”“Lots.”“Where do they reside?”“Among the trees you see all about.”Dan looked about and there were indeed lots and lots of trees. “Oh my!” he thought to himself, pausing to reflect on what he had just experienced.“There’s got to be thousands of them here in the immediate vicinity and even more than that beyond the horizon.”“Knull, how big is this place? You know, the Middle Zone. Does it reach very far?”“It’s very big.”“So, there’s a whole lot more mini forests like the one I just witnessed?”“Yes, the number is inestimable.”“No sense in delaying,” Dan thought. “I might as well just plow on through to the next area.”“Knull my man, I appreciate the information, but I’m sure you’ll understand I’ve got to keep moving. You said there were other types here. I’m ready to move on to the next one. Where may I find them?”“Over there, a ways off behind those shrubs.”“I don’t see anything behind those shrubs?” Dan said with a puzzled look.“Go there and keep walking.” said Knull.So, Dan departed in the direction of the shrubs. As he approached, he saw they were all equal size and dimension; about three feet high and two feet wide and like the trees and other foliage the shrubs each looked like identical copies of one another. Dan could see over them as he got closer, but still could not see any souls in the distance. Once he was nearly on top of them, he saw the shrubs actually sat atop a small hill that gradually sloped down to a valley below. Looking over the shrubs and down into the valley, sure enough, he saw a crowd of souls mingling and moving about.“Good,” he thought. “At least they move.”Stepping over the shrubs and climbing down the slope, he eventually reached the plateau where he was on a level setting with the souls that roamed about in various directions. None seemed to be moving too fast or slow, just walking at a normal pace, but in random directions. From their body language, it seemed like they were walking with some sense of purpose, but Dan could not make out exactly what it was. As such, he decided to remain where he was and watch a while longer before trying to engage with them.He looked on for quite a while and began to see expressions on their faces. Different expressions, not the general sameness this place had about it. Again, the contrast was appreciated as it, in a small way, helped to delineate the various souls against the uniform background and environment.As Dan looked on, he began to observe something. These souls moved about with various looks on their faces, but they never engaged with one another. When two or more were about to cross paths, they just maneuvered out of the way and continued on with what they were doing or thinking (if you could call it that).“Time enough ...let me try to approach one of these souls.” And so doing, he walked toward a woman and introduced himself.“Hello, I’m Dan,” he said.“Hi.” the woman said not looking and continuing on her way.Startled when he heard the words (actually a single word) spoken, his eyes popped.  Raising his brows and picking his head up, he thought, “Interesting ... I wonder if they all can speak or just her.” So he walked over to a man nearby and decided to make another attempt.He was a short little man with a bit of a frown. Dan approached him with the same greeting. “Hello, I’m Dan.”“,Yep,” the man said as he wandered on with whatever he was doing and thinking.“Hmm ... These ones speak, interact and have the energy to move about with some level of intent, but what is it?”Dan tried several more times with various souls all to no avail. They all minimally interacted and went on their way. One thing did strike him, though.  None of them smiled. They looked to be in some kind of introspective thought, but whatever it was it didn’t seem to be one of happiness. So, yet again, he departed returning to the bench where Knull sat waiting.“Knull, those souls were somewhat similar but different than the others I’ve seen. What are they called?” he inquired.“They are the passive, indifferent and self-absorbed.” said Knull.The light bulb instantaneously came on for Dan. These souls spent their time before arriving here thinking of themselves with little concern for those around them. Unlike the ignorant and escapists, these souls were aware of their surroundings and maintained a conscious acknowledgment of what was around them. However, they consciously chose to focus inward resulting in passivity and indifference to the world around them. That explains why they could see and acknowledge Dan and also why they did not interact with each other. In their prior existence, this dominated their behavior. So here with the universal law of balance, these souls like the ignorant and escapists never did too much either positive or negative, so they remain here in the Middle Zone in an eternal state of neutrality.“Oh boy,” Dan thought. “I hope there are not too many more types in this Middle Zone. This could be a long journey.”Once again that feeling of weariness came over him and he began to feel tired. The gray and monotone scenery gradually overcame his senses, so much so that he decided to pause for a moment to rest. So he took a seat on the bench next to Knull to gather his thoughts.  Unfortunately before he could assemble up enough energy to ask Knull another question, he fell sound asleep.SeventeenDAN HAD BEEN asleep for quite some time. How long, it was impossible to estimate.  Slowly he struggled to open his eyes, but he still felt quite a bit groggy and lethargic. Apparently the general environment of the place was having more of an effect on him. Starting to regain consciousness, he began to lift himself up off the bench, but could only muster up enough energy to sit up straight and focus on regaining a complete awareness.“This place must be contagious or something,” he thought, not having felt quite like this until now. While he generally found sleep a refreshing source of energy, something that recharges one's batteries; here sleep was quite a drain. In fact, Dan felt no better when waking than when he’d first fallen asleep. Eventually, he fought off the overall fatigue and finally gaining a full sense about him, his thoughts returned to where he was and the purpose of his journey.“Knull, how long was I asleep?” he asked.“A long while, but here time is irrelevant.”“Well, have you encountered other visiting souls that experienced a deep sleep like I’ve just had?”“Actually, most of them. Sleep and inactivity are fairly common around here.  Hard to avoid.”With that, Dan made no delay in asking his next question, lest he spend half an eternity here. “Knull, what’s next for me to see? No offense, but I’d like to keep moving as this environment is just not to my liking.”“Over there. See the flower beds. Go there?”Trying to accelerate the process, Dan asked, “Knull, can I perhaps take a couple of tours to see some of the other types that reside here. I’d like to accomplish a few at the same time?”“No need?”“Why not?”“Because that is the last one.” said Knull.“Wonderful!” shouted an incredibly excited Dan. But, Knull did not budge.So, off he went in the direction of the flowers running at a quick pace this time trying to avoid any delay in finishing his tour of the Middle Zone. When he came across the flower beds, he noticed they looked something like tulips, but not exactly and each flower like all of the other vegetation here was the same size and shape. As he looked out beyond the bed of flowers, he saw all sorts of souls lounging about and his first reaction was that these looked just like the others he first encountered, the lazy ones.“Hey you ... yeah you, come over here,” shouted one of the souls, taking Dan by surprise. Dan looked on in amazement.“Apparently there are some here that proactively engage. How puzzling,” he thought.Having got over the initial shock, he walked over to the man that had spoken and replied “Hi, I’m Dan Alexander.”“That’s nice. Can you go over there and grab a chair for me?”“Interesting,” he thought. In the Inner Zone, an interaction like this was forbidden.  Yet, here the level of interaction was up to him to decide. “Why not?” he thought. “Let’s give it a try.”So he went over to where the chair was situated, lifted it up and carried it to the man.“Here’s the chair you asked for,” said Dan eagerly awaiting a response.The man then grabbed the chair, plopped it on the ground in a comfortable spot and began to stare off into the gray space all about this place. No reply whatsoever.Then he saw two souls, a man, and a woman approach him. They had seen Dan pick up the chair, move it and deliver it to the man.“Hello there,” said Dan. “How are you?”They both stared at him for a moment or two and then pointed over to two empty chairs a short distance away and just as the first soul had asked, simultaneously they said: “Can you bring me a chair?”Dan paused and reflected for a bit. “Hmm ... no harm, perhaps they’ll have a different reaction. I might as well try. If the reaction is the same, I’ll at least know it.”Again he walked the short distance and one by one picked up the chairs and brought them to the man and the woman. Both took the chairs, sat down in them and gazed off into space.Having seen the pattern and thinking about its interpretation, Dan suddenly looked up. He was now surrounded by dozens of men and women several rows deep. He was closed in. “What’s this?” he thought. He looked at the faces and became concerned. They were not pleasant. In fact, they looked outright mean and demanding, even intimidating.“Get me a chair! I want a chair, get it for me! I want one!” each of the crowd shouted out, all with an irate tone in their voices.Dan felt enclosed by the angry crowd. What was he to do? They’d formed a circle around him and with their impatience closed in upon him. “Might they be violent?” he thought. “There’s so many of them, and what if after I get them all a chair, what if they want it moved again? What if they all want two chairs? This could be a never-ending pattern. I might never get out of here.”By now the crowd looked downright mean. Thinking quick on his feet, Dan shouted, “Just a moment, please. I’ll get all of you a chair.” And pushing his way through the crowd, which stood looking on expecting what they asked, he headed for the first chair he saw several yards away. Walking quickly over to the chair, he made a motion for it and started to pick it up. Then looking back at the demanding faces, he dropped the chair as fast as he picked it up and ran like hell back in the direction of Knull. When he was some distance away, he looked over his shoulder and saw that none of the souls was in pursuit.After reaching the bench in safety, Dan looked at the expressionless Knull and still trying to catch his breath said, “Knull ... who  ... who were those souls?”“They are called the dependents.” said Knull.“Why ... why didn’t they chase me? Dan asked, now beginning to catch his breath.“It’s not in their nature?” replied Knull.“Why not?” asked Dan.“They don’t take action themselves; they expect others to do things for them.”“Very interesting,” Dan thought. While they would talk, move and engage, it all was centered on getting others to do things for them. They would expend energy and thought, but only to the extent of having others do things for them without any return or even gratitude. They just expected it. And when others did not do what they wanted they acted angrily but did nothing themselves to correct the situation, other than express dissatisfaction ... dependent in the truest sense of the word.Dan recalled a few people like this before his arrival in the Afterworld. They were a different class of dependents. It’s common for people to depend on one another for all sorts of things, but most express gratitude in return for a favor or help. There are also those that cannot take care of themselves or are truly in need of a helping hand and support. Children are dependent for a time upon the love and devotion of their parents, but there’s a sense of caring and reciprocity. The souls here certainly were devoid of those senses. These souls of the Middle Zone were mentally and physically quite capable of helping themselves, but simply chose to be dependent on others, unwilling to expend the mental or physical effort to better their situation.“Knull, I’ve seen all I need to see here. It has been interesting to say the least. It’s even been a little enlightening. However, now that I’ve seen what there is to see here, I would like to continue on my journey beyond this zone.” said Dan.“Wait here.” were the last two words he heard from Knull.EighteenDAN GAZED OUT at the vast gray static expanse awaiting the next and final phase of his journey. While he had adapted to the motionless and stagnant environment, it was certainly no place he had an interest in beyond his brief, but seemingly long stay. For him, the Middle Zone was not exactly like the first few areas of the Inner Zone, but it was not much better either.As he continued to stare out into the gray colored distance, a strange thing began to take place. The trees and grass began to fade and the multitude of gray tones started to blend together. Soon all he could see was one single uniform gray tone in every direction. Other than that, he saw and felt nothing. A blank slate of gray was all there was. This state lasted for some time. Too long, in fact, and Dan began to wonder if he were in some state of suspended animation.“Such a neutral nothingness,” he thought. “I suppose it might better than all dark, but after a while the effect of any uniform and constant color is the same.” The upshot of this experience is that he certainly had a better appreciation for the importance of contrast in all aspects of existence: sight, sound, tastes, smells, personalities, species and so forth.Immersed in thought, he was again taken aback at the appearance of a faint array of color that appeared in the distance. It was just a small blur at first, but in a short while he could begin to see a pattern. In fact, the blur slowly began to expand and distinct colors could be observed. Multiple colors across the spectrum appeared and after that they began to take shape. Soon they aligned themselves in an arch pattern that looked like a small rainbow.As Dan looked on, the colors became more vibrant and the rainbow began to get larger. Before long it became enormous in both intensity and size. So bright were the colors and so inspiring. Dan felt a tremendous sense of relief after having passed through both the Inner and Middle Zones and was now filled with excitement, joyfully anticipating the next and final phase of his journey ... his tour through the Outer Zone.“What will it be like?” he thought. “How many areas and what types of souls will I encounter? What do they do? Will I get to see LaRue again and discuss what I saw in the Middle and Inner Zones?” The questions went on and on while the giant rainbow continued to expand and glow. So many questions he had, all to be answered in time, if that’s what you could call it. Here, there was really not an earthly sense of time. It was more existence that extended into an infinite dimension forward.Unlike the prior two tours, Dan no longer felt any sense of dread or anxiety as he waited in anticipation for the final phase of his journey through the Afterworld. Moreover, he now felt a renewed sense of energy and enthusiasm as well as a strong desire to see and experience everything that was to come next. His mind was filled with positive thoughts and yet at this point it was all just a feeling, a sense. All he could see was that giant rainbow glowing so vividly and he looked on in amazement. Such a contrast to anything he had experienced thus far on his journey.“What was that?” he said. “What were those faint sounds in the distance?”The sounds became louder and clearer. He recognized them. “Those sounds are music. How delightful it is to hear those beautiful sounds. Such a pleasant melody.” he thought.After what Dan had just been through, the music brought back fond memories of concerts under the summer sun by the lakefront which now seemed an eternity ago and a different world. Still he existed and music existed as did the sight of a beautiful rainbow. Thinking back to the moments just before he arrived in the Afterworld, he was in immense pain and filled with uncertainty. Was there an existence beyond the earthly realm and what was it like? The question of existence had been answered and some of the questions on what it was like had been addressed. Now, all he had left to see was the final leg of his journey, the Outer Zone. Then his understanding would be complete and any remaining uncertainty would be gone.NineteenDAN CONTINUED TO observe the giant rainbow before him and soon after there appeared a field of gently blowing tall green grass beneath the rainbow. As he looked on, he began to smell something. It was a fresh breeze gently blowing past his skin like that of a casual summer day. He inhaled to take in the breeze and with a deep breath exhaled. It felt good, fresh and clean. Soon he could see trees and wildflowers of all colors and types scattered across the field intermixed with the tall green grasses. He saw cornflower, chicory, butterfly weed, orange cosmos, Siberian wallflower, desert marigold and many more varieties.The scene before him looked like an arboretum of sorts with many species of trees and plants. Then he saw a gently flowing shallow stream passing by the field with rocks of different shapes and sizes which created a much-desired bubbling sound and sense of movement and life. Between the field and the stream, there was a footpath and in a moment’s time, Dan found himself standing on the path. He stared at the water’s edge, so clear and crisp was its flow and presence.“How delightful,” was the first thought to enter his mind. He looked on at the stream a while longer staring at the water rushing by and saw some fish moving about. They were actually rainbow trout swimming back and forth in the crystal clear water. With the sound of the cascading water rolling over the rocks as a backdrop, he next heard the chirps and songs of all kinds of birds ... warblers, sparrows, blue jays, orioles, cardinals, and other wonderful songbirds. “This place is filled with life and energy,” he thought.Turning around to take a closer look at the trees, he saw a pair of eastern bluebirds chasing each other with glee as they darted back and forth, landing on a branch, darting out again, and returning back to another similar branch.“I like this place,” he thought. “I wonder if it’s all like this here and what else there is to see.” He began to walk toward the trees and wildflowers to take a closer look and was startled by a soft and gentle voice.“Hello there, Daniel.”Dan looked about and was pleasantly surprised to see a woman dressed in a white flowing gown approach him. He just stared for a moment to take it all in. She had long dark hair that glistened in the light and her eyes were deep, round and blue.“I see you know my name.” said Dan.“Of course I do. Why shouldn’t I? I’ve been waiting for you. You’ve been assigned to me for your tour of the Outer Zone.” replied the woman.At this point, after having had Styx for the first leg of his journey and Knull for the second leg, neither one much to look at, it was a positive sight to see this woman’s presence and know that she would be conducting him along the final leg of his ultimate journey. Contrasted with the other two guides, he now felt a sensation of relief mixed with optimism.“Well, after what I’ve been through, I must admit your presence is a most welcome and reassuring sight.” he said.“I’m glad you feel that way. The Outer Zone is a place of goodness and purity, so you are probably sensing that in everything you see and feel here,” said the woman.“I do,” replied Dan. Then he asked, “Do you have a name?”“Oh yes, pardon me, I should have told you. My name is Jessica.”“A very nice sounding name.” he thought.“Jessica, would you mind calling me Dan, as Daniel is my given name, but I’m much more comfortable with Dan.”She began to laugh aloud. “Sure. Here you are free to choose whatever name you’d like.”“Terrific. I am excited for this part of my journey and have lots of questions. I take it you’ll be able to help me with the answers?”“That I will. Ask away and I’ll be glad to help you.”“Well, the first one concerns the rules. Are there any rules I need to adhere to here as with my tour of the prior zones?”“Well, here there is only one rule you need to follow. When you encounter other souls and they speak to you and request interaction, you must do your best to engage with them. Silence and just observing things are not conducive to the environment in the Outer Zone.” Jessica said.“Ok, that’s good to know. I can do that. Actually, I want to do that. What about the different regions. Do you have different regions here?” he asked.“Of course we do. You will see as many as you’d like on your tour,” she said.Dan paused for just a moment to take it all in. He looked upward and saw the most wonderful bright blue sky filled with occasional puffy white nimbus clouds. It brought back memories of his earlier days when he lived in the city with his wife and family. Those long walks by the lakeshore with the most amazing skyline filled with color and clouds. The feeling he had here by the stream and the field was the same ... one of life, energy, vibrancy, and positivity. His eyes turned back towards Jessica.“Jessica is there any particular path to take through the regions of the Outer Zone?”“No. Not really. You are free to choose or I can choose for you, it’s up to you.” she said.Feeling quite at ease, he replied, “I have no particular preference. Based on what you’ve described, I’ll leave it up to you. I’m looking forward to seeing everything.”“Perfect. I will plan an organized and enjoyable sequence for you. One I sincerely hope meets your satisfaction. Are you ready to see the first area, or would you like to wait for a while here and take in the surroundings for a bit longer?”“I like it here very much, but am excited to see more. So, if you are ready, let’s begin.”“Ok, come here and extend your hand,” she said. He extended his palm and reaching toward him, she placed her palm in his and instantly they appeared in a different place and setting.“That was amazing!” said Dan. “Is it always that easy to move about here? Unlike the other zones, what you just did was instantaneous!”“After the final balance, yes it is as easy as that. One simply focuses on where she’d like to be and instantaneously it happens. There is no delay. It’s really quite seamless and natural.” she explained.Dan was moved and inspired by the sense of freedom and ease of movement. “That is quite liberating,” he said.“It is always like that here. You have freedom of movement and expression without any bounds or constraints. The entire Outer Zone and all its regions extend outwards in an infinite expanse that covers all space, time, and energy, and you are free to go anywhere you’d like.“Does it extend inward as well?”“No, no, no. The Inner, Middle and Outer Zones are all concentric and there are energy barriers between the three zones, such that nothing passes between them. No sight, sound or even thoughts. The only mechanism that exists to penetrate the barriers is when a new soul arrives; the soul is transported between the zones via a tunneling effect, an energy portal. You experienced that on your journey before arriving here.”“Yes, I did. It was quite an experience,” he said. Immersed in the conversation and her explanation, Dan had not yet observed his new surroundings, when he heard the call of a young girl, who looked to be about seven or eight years old.“Mister would you like to play ball with us?” the little girl said.Dan turned. He found himself in the middle of a gigantic playground. There were children of all ages running and moving about. Some were sitting in small groups working on crafts while others were playing games, swinging on swing sets and other still climbing rock walls. In addition, some of the smaller ones, perhaps one or two years of age could be seen with their mothers lying about enjoying the fresh air and festive atmosphere. Dan looked up at Jessica. She smiled at him. Then looking towards the little girl he smiled back and said, “Sure, I’d be happy to join your game?”The little girl shouted to her teammates in joy, “Hurrah! Dan is going to play with us!” She tossed him the ball, “OK, you can start. We take turns here and everyone get to play.”With Dan now included, there were six standing in a large circle, tossing the ball randomly between each other. Dan caught and threw the ball for a short while and then thanked them for the invite. The girls continued on merrily tossing and catching with occasional giggles and smiles.Taking in all his surroundings, he could not help but recall those earlier days with his own children. Then a thought struck him, “What were children doing here in the Afterworld?” He glanced back toward Jessica, who was patiently standing by observing.“Jessica, why are there children here? I mean they’re not adults. Is one free to choose an age in this place?”“Dan, these little ones you see here all came into the Afterworld at a young age ... the age you see them now. These are the innocent and the pure. They had no control over the timing. It was simply a matter of universal fate. So, here these tiny souls reside. They are happy and experience companionship, friendship, and love.”“What about their parents? I see some mothers here, but what about the others.”“Oh, all their parents come and go as freely as they like. Here in the Outer Zone there is no separation between the various regions and moving between them is seamless and just as easy as when you and I first arrived here. You see the universe is filled with an eternal and unlimited love that knows no bounds; that is to say no bounds other than the Middle and Inner Zones. Love does not extend toward those zones and even if it were possible for it to do so, it would be irrelevant, as love cannot in any way resonate with the souls that reside there.”“Is it just children that reside here within this region?” he asked.“Why no, you just see one small area of the innocent region of which there are many. Here reside children that passed into the Afterworld as well as those who came into their earthly existence with a simple and pure mind. Here their simplicity and purity are reflected back and they are in harmony with the universe. That too is part of the universal law.” she said.“I find that both heartening and reassuring. Prior to my arrival, I’d not thought too much about what happens to these little ones, other than wonder and hope they found peace.” He said with an earnest and sincere look upon his face.Then a thought struck him and he looked more somber and concerned. “What about the other zones? Do these little ones need to endure the experience of the Middle and Inner Zones like I did on my journey? ” he asked.“No. That would violate the law of universal balance. These pure souls have not experienced the evil that you and others have been exposed to, so a tour through those zones would not only be incomprehensible to them, it would taint their purity, so no they do not tour the other two zones. However, they are free to roam about anywhere they’d like within the entire Outer Zone. They have just as much freedom to explore and enjoy as all the other souls.” she said.“That’s good to know and reassuring,” said Dan. “And, now that I think about it, it does make sense.”“Can you show me more of the Outer Zone?” he inquired, eager to explore all there was to experience.“Yes, come here and take my hand.” said Jessica and instantaneously they both were transported to the next region on her list.TwentyDAN WAS NOW standing at the edge of a circular clay track, and saw men and woman wearing athletic running shoes and uniforms. It was not long after he first observed them that they assembled quickly into place. One by one, they lined up and took their positions, and then once they were all set, he heard the sound of a loud whistle blow. Instantly, they sprinted as fast as their legs could carry them around the circular track, and after several laps at full sprint, each in succession crossed the finish line.After taking a few moments to catch their breath, they all gathered around and began to congratulate each other. What Dan found most interesting was that he could not really tell from their reactions, who had won the race. They all seemed to be congratulating each other and rejoicing as if each one of them had won.This seemed a little strange and looking over towards the edge of the track, Dan saw a man with a whistle around his neck that looked like a coach or referee of some type. Feeling both curious and interested in understanding what this was all about, he walked over to the man and introduced himself.“Hi there, may I ask what’s happening here at this track. Who are the runners?”“Sure. We’re running relays and getting ready for a big competition coming up. I’m one of the coaches here.”“Competition? How so?” inquired Dan.“Those runners you just saw all have a desire to improve their performance and as a result they will grow as individuals. Here competition is pure and is used in the context of bettering one’s own performance solely for the purpose of individual achievement. Souls here are not competing to ‘beat the other guy’ or for money, vanity or some ego-centric thing. Instead competition here is a way to better one’s self, improve, and grow. Competition is merely a mechanism that helps the individual souls achieve.”“Is that why you are a coach?”“Yes, I get a tremendous level of satisfaction out of mentoring others and being able to help and contribute towards their path of personal growth.”“Is everyone here in the Outer Zone like that? Do they all feel the way you feel?”“Of course, that’s why they are here as opposed to being in the other zones. We’ve got coaches and mentors, advocates and supporters in all areas and aspects of the Outer Zone, not just here in the athletic areas. For anything and everything one does here, there’s many available to help and assist so souls can improve and grow. All that’s needed is for an individual soul to take an interest and others are there to help, if they would like assistance. If they prefer to work at their own pace without assistance, that’s perfectly fine as well. The key is betterment and improvement and individual growth. And, it’s up to each soul to decide in what areas they want to improve.”“Do you ever run into some that prefer to not do much here in the Outer Zone?  I mean some that would prefer to just coast along?”“Depends on what you mean by not much. Those here show and take the initiative in one or more areas, some in lots of areas and others in not so many. It’s not the areas or the amount that matters. It’s the interest level and action. There are so many things here one can engage in and get involved with. There’s athletics which you’ve just seen, but there’s also things like knitting, woodworking, painting, sculpture, horticulture, bird watching, interior design, and much, much more. It’s really up to the individual to take an interest and grow both physically and mentally.”“Wow, is there anything you don’t cover?”“Why yes, that’s a very good question. There are a few things that are just not applicable to the Afterworld. For instance, there is no need for healthcare because the souls do not feel pain or have any illnesses requiring medical care. While they may feel exhaustion or exertion when doing things, it’s not a permanent state. In fact, it’s a good thing in that the exertion provides a sense of satisfaction, enjoyment and accomplishment. But, we never experience the pain of a chronic illness, a broken leg or sore tooth. Those are earthly notions. That type of pain has been left behind.”“What about people in professions like dentists? What if they enjoyed their work and wanted to continue doing it?” Dan asked with interest.“Well, we have many former dentists here that enjoyed their patient care and now channel their supportive energy into mentoring and helping others. We also have quite a few dentists that liked the detail aspect of the work, so they are now focusing their skills in areas like model making and craftsmanship. I can assure you they are quite content.”“That is most interesting. Is there ever any confrontation or conflict here?”“Not that I’ve seen. It’s part of the law of universal balance. The ones with massive egos, an urge to control or dominate others for personal gain and vanity and such things; they’re simply not here. They’ve been placed elsewhere. I think you may have seen a few on your tour of the Inner Zone. Yes?”“Oh, yes. I certainly saw more than I’d like to have seen there. It was quite an experience to say the least.” said Dan.The coach laughed and smiled heartily and then said, “Well, if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got some more coaching to do. The next training round is ready to go off any moment, and I have the whistle. It’s a never stop endeavor here. I wish you well on the remainder of your journey.”With that, Dan thanked the coach for being so considerate in explaining things and walked back toward Jessica, who was at the far end of the track chatting with a few of the athletes. As he approached, she turned and recognized that Dan was satisfied with his visit to this region.“Dan, I see that you’re getting a good sense of the place. I take it you're developing an appreciation and understanding of how the Outer Zone functions?”“That I am, and I do like it. This approach towards competition is most admirable and I’m more than ready to continue on and see more,” he said.Once again she took his hand in hers and they both instantaneously appeared in a different setting.Twenty-oneDAN LOOKED AROUND and everywhere there were all kinds of people gathered about in small groups, and within each group the souls all shared a familiarity with each other. He and Jessica now stood in the middle of what appeared to be a giant fairground of sorts. Such a cheerful atmosphere it was ... one that reminded him of the fun times he spent with his own family when they’d all go to the county fairgrounds to enjoy the amusements and festivities each year. Returning to the present, he wanted to learn more about these groups.“Jessica what area are we in now?” Dan asked. “These people all seem to be content and are enjoying each other’s company. What kinds of souls are these?”“This is just one of the areas within the community region and what you are seeing are family gatherings. This place is where families can enjoy each other’s companionship. Souls may come here as often as they please: family, friends and others. And, if a soul would prefer not to attend a gathering, that’s OK too.”“Well, they all seem so happy. Why is that? Not all families on Earth are that way from my experience.”“Yes, they are all happy and that’s not by accident. It’s important to realize that those you see here, all truly want to be together. Disharmony and those souls like the ones you saw in the Middle and Inner Zones are not here, so there is no inherent conflict, manipulation, guilt or any such thing. That’s why what you see are families in harmony.”“Most interesting, you can feel the harmonious atmosphere. It’s spontaneous and dynamic, maybe even contagious.”“Yes, and it’s not just this area where you get that sense. The entire Outer Zone is in a perpetual state of expanding growth and harmony. It’s not a fixed and contained entity. Rather, it’s one where there’s limitless room for good. This is a very different environment than the one you were in before arriving in the Afterworld.”“Well, are there just family groups in this community region?”“By all means no. It’s a community region and one aspect of that is family, but just one aspect. There are many others including groups of souls with similar interests and hobbies, social gathering groups, book clubs and the like. However, there is a common set of traits in this region. The gatherings here all are sincere and honest. Take the book clubs for instance; everyone is collaborating and the various perspectives of the members add to the overall growth and pleasure of the entire group. The souls all share their insights and everyone benefits and expands their various perspectives by communicating with and learning from each other.” Jessica said.“What’s interesting is that’s the intended purpose of many social groups, but on Earth that somehow got subverted. Competitive egos, bullying, and other such poor behavior seemed inevitable in many of the groups. So what you’re saying is those types of behaviors aren’t present here.” said Dan.“That’s correct. You will see during the remainder of your journey that the Outer Zone is occupied by thoughts, behaviors and actions that are coherent and all with an underlying pure integrity. Here there are no hidden agendas or facades.  Instead, there is an absolute honesty, sincerity and integrity in all relationships and things. Equally as important, the souls you see here are not ‘entitled’ and have not been given this environment as a gift of some sort. Through their actions before arriving in the Afterworld and during their own individual ultimate journey through the three zones, they have earned this eternal place. That is why it’s so harmonious here. All souls here have earned their place and those that have not are not here.” She said.She continued on. “Before arriving here, it would have been hard to conceive of such a practical functioning environment such as this. In the Earthy world, something like this was simply not realistic. It might be theorized, but in reality there were always the ones looking to take advantage of others and the situation. There were always the exploiters out there espousing theories and an environment like this, but it was only so that they could achieve an upper hand. You know the professed ‘champions of the little people’ and such. Some even called themselves ‘progressives,’ but they were the most regressive, hypocritical souls in existence. Instead of building up and developing the little people out of a sense of sincerity, they acted primarily in regard to their own sense of self-importance, esteem, and pride. They also made sure the little people stayed little by covertly suppressing them. The champions always found ways and programs to keep the little people down or dependent. For, without the little people there would be no need for champions, and that was certainly not a desired state for the champions.”“Jessica, I must say you are spot on. I’ve met a number of those types and they certainly go to great lengths to maintain their position. The one thing they really can’t stand is to be challenged or called out as a hypocrite. When that happens, they either redirect or even worse go into full attack mode, by first belittling those doubting their sincerity. If that doesn’t work, they try more deceitful tactics, but let’s not go there. I see this is a place of harmony and those types are not here, so what’s the point. I’ve been through all that in the earthly environment and in the Inner Zone.” he said.“Dan you certainly have understood much on your journey and I find that gratifying. That is one of the primary reasons for being a guide through the Outer Zone. It’s rewarding seeing a soul like you come to a full realization of the complete meaning of the universal law of balance and all its facets.”“Well, thank you. I’m delighted you feel that way and I’ve been able to give back something to you in exchange for what you’ve helped give to me. But I must ask. From what I can tell, all souls come through all three zones. Do you also engage with the ones that end up in the Middle and Outer Zones?” Dan asked with a great deal of interest.Jessica’s expression changed to one more serious that Dan had seen from her thus far.“Yes, I do. It is my choice to serve as a guide here and with that choice I get all kinds of souls and some eventually end up in the other two zones. There is simply no way around that and there shouldn’t be. It would not only violate the universal law of balance, but it would not be an objective reality. All souls come to the Outer Zone before residing in their ultimate eternal destination. All souls need to go through this process to achieve their own final balance. Regardless of the soul, I find tremendous fulfillment in seeing the process in action in facilitating it, and I grow and expand as a result of that.” she said.Dan understood where she was coming from. There is an inherent truth in all things and there is good and evil across all existence. Both were mixed in the earthly environment but segmented out in the Afterworld.As he thought about everything they’d discussed, he looked at her in the most objective way possible. “Jessica, this is all absolutely fascinating. The universe in all its entirety and eternity is perfection,” he said.“Dan, it most certainly is. We’ve seen much here and you’ve got quite a grasp. Shall I take you to another area I’m sure you will enjoy?”“Please do.” he replied.Twenty-twoTHIS TIME THEY appeared at the peak of a mountaintop overlooking an immense river basin below. The view from where he stood was spectacular. It was a beautiful and panoramic sight; one that reminded him of the foothills where he and his family spent summer vacations. As Dan took in his surroundings, he felt a tremendous sense of confidence and optimism. The sky above was one vast expanse of deep blue space and below was a sprawling countryside filled with trees and valleys.“What a spectacular view. You chose quite an impressive place for this part of the journey.” Dan said.“Yes, I thought you might like this one. It’s quite expansive and gives you a feel of the enormity of the Outer Zone that stretches as far as the eye can see and well beyond,” replied Jessica.Dan and Jessica roamed about for a while taking in the scenery and enjoying the mind expanding atmosphere. As Dan looked all about he felt a certain purity and perfection in everything around him. The trees, the valley, and the sky blended together in an ideal harmony. Just as when he was in the city and he felt it had a sense of life, energy and a soul, this place where he stood now had the same feel to it. It was all part of a universal existence that intertwined the spiritual, intellectual, emotional and physical domains.As he continued to take it all in, Dan noticed some movement in the distance. There were clearly men and women moving about and it appeared to be some sort of gathering. So, he and Jessica walking in lock step headed in their direction to understand what was taking place. By the time they reached the group, there were about two dozen men and woman standing around in a circle and they all seemed to be discussing something of intense interest.As they approached, a few of the members saw their presence and invited Dan and Jessica to join the crowd.“Hi there, I’m Dan,” he said. “And this woman with me here is Jessica.”“Welcome Dan and Jessica, we’re glad you decided to come over.” said several of the group members, who seemed pleased with their presence.“What’s taking place here?” Dan asked with curiosity.A taller man in the center of the group holding a set of papers explained that they were reviewing plans for a construction project.“We’re going to be building a new home for the Clark family and we’re planning out exactly where it’s to be situated. We’d really like to select an optimal site where they’ll have the best view. That’s why we’re here. We were just looking at the house plans and layout and discussing the alternatives.”“That’s quite nice of you all to be doing that for the Clarks.” said Dan.“We do that for all the families if that’s what they want. There are some that want to select the site and do the design and layout themselves, and others like the Clarks prefer the community to assist with the process. It’s really up to each to decide what they prefer.” said the man.“What about the group here. I take it you are all volunteers?” inquired Dan.“Absolutely. That’s the way it works here. People sign up for the activities that interest them. Our group here enjoys architecture and creating residences, so that’s what we do. We enjoy the activity and find it fulfilling to see the end result of our efforts.”Looking at the group and feeling their sense of harmony, Dan could see this was a cooperative group of souls. “Do you always agree on all the aspects of the project you’re working on?” he asked.“Not always and it really doesn’t matter. What makes this place so delightful is there are no interpersonal obstacles here like before we arrived in the Afterworld. Some of us do the planning, some like the planning and the construction phase and others just the construction aspects. Others still, like doing the only the interior design aspects. Yet, all of us are in harmony. That’s just how it is here. Everyone with an inclination to do work helps out where their interest and skills can best be utilized and no one is forced to do something they are not interested in doing. We enjoy the satisfaction of helping others and seeing the productive output of our efforts. We’re not doing it for a salary or for recognition or egotistical purposes, so if there’s a disagreement on the approach that’s not really a problem. This is not about uniformity. It’s about variety and diverse opinion and creative input, so of course there will not be complete agreement on all the aspects. Uniformity is good for things like manufacturing processes, but much less so in the creative areas.”“Interesting that you mentioned manufacturing processes as that’s my ... well, my former background,” said Dan enthusiastically.“Great. You’re welcome to participate here if that’s what you’d like.”“Thank you for the invite, but I’m on my journey and must continue on to see other areas of the Outer Zone. However, I do have a few questions for you, if you don’t mind,” said Dan.“Sure. I’d be glad to help address any questions you might have,” replied the tall man, with the crowd behind him nodding in agreement.“Well one thing is concerning the community aspect here, some might say it sounds a little like socialism.” said Dan, at which point and the entire group burst out laughing.Then a burly looking sort of man standing toward the back of the group yelled out in a southern drawl.“What a bunch a bull. Son, there’s only two kinds of souls that buy into that socialist horse manure: fools and takers, and ain’t none of us here falling into those two categories.”Then a woman in the group stepped forward to explain a bit more about the collective approach.“The problem with the socialists, or at least the ones in the non-taker category, is that their philosophy is not without good intentions. However, it’s not a practical philosophy in an earthly sense. The issue is the takers, narcissists, controllers and others use the concept of socialism as a weapon to take from, manipulate, guilt and subvert others. We don’t have those types of souls in the Outer Zone. Here we have group cooperation, but we also have individualism. Socialism abhors individualism.”“I see your point,” said Dan. “That type of trusting collaboration does not work out so well in the earthly environment. Now that I think about it, socialism destroys all it touches over time, individuals as well as societies, due to the evil, selfish forces that subvert the good ideals.”“True. In the earthly world, you had all sorts of issues. There were arguments due to inflated egos with some wanting to manipulate the situation for their personal gain. Others on more of a power kick wanted to take charge and control everything all under the shallow and fake auspices of being ‘for the betterment of all.’ Those were the takers, the self-promoters, the manipulators and the narcissists. Deep down they cared nothing for those they professed to help. All that mattered to them was their own self-absorbed sense of identity. Those types are not here in the Outer Zone. As you’ve seen; their journey and their final balance left them elsewhere for all eternity. In the end, they got the only thing they truly earned.”“I did see them on my journey and I see your point and appreciate your sharing those insights, they are indeed most enlightening.” said Dan.Jessica stood by the entire time patiently waiting and observing the dialog with a smile on her face.Dan then thanked the crowd for involving him in their discussion and wished them much enjoyment and satisfaction in their construction project. Then both he and Jessica climbed up the small hill back to where they first arrived to admire the scenic view of the trees and river basin below. Dan felt energized not just physically, but mentally and emotionally.“Jessica, this really is a wonderful environment.” he said.“Yes, that’s the beauty of it all. After the final balance, each of the souls resides where it belongs and universal harmony exists.” She said.“Terrific. I’m excited to see more, there’s so much to explore here,” he said.“Very well then, extend your hand and we will continue on.”Twenty-threeDAN NOW FOUND himself in what appeared to be a village or small town. There were streets, shops and alleyways quite similar to those he visited prior to arriving in the Afterworld. These sights piqued his curiosity and he turned toward Jessica to get a better understanding of who resided in this quaint place.“Jessica, this is a very familiar looking environment.” he said with an inquisitive tone.“Of course it is. You didn’t think the entire Outer Zone consisted of just natural settings, did you?” she said with an effervescent grin.“Well ... up until this point, I was so taken in by everything I’d experienced that I really hadn’t given it much thought. Then again, why shouldn’t there be places like this here? I suppose there are many like myself that like the atmosphere and vibrancy of an urban environment in addition to the natural beauty of the countryside. In fact, it’s nice to be able to enjoy both types of locales. So, yes it does make sense to me now.” he replied.“Well, here all souls have a choice as to which they prefer and can visit and experience as many as they like. Some souls prefer natural locations like the beach or the woodlands, and other enjoy the setting you see before you and many more enjoy a mix of both. It’s all up to the individual soul to choose as she desires.”As Dan looked about, he surveyed his surroundings with a more critical eye and noticed the shops were actually occupied by a wide variety of artisans including woodworkers, painters, metal workers, sculptors and others.“Jessica, this looks like some kind of artist community. I see the shops and the giant windows with their artwork on display. And, there’s such a wide variety of works.”“That’s exactly what it is.” she said with a smile.“I guess it makes sense these artists would need a place to create and display their work.” he thought to himself.Jessica continued, “This village is one of many in the Outer Zone that house the artists and their creations. Here any soul can explore and create for all eternity and the challenge is not about competing and beating others (as you’ve learned that’s narcissistic and gaining at the expense of another). Rather the focus here is on expressing one’s self through individual creativity, progress, and achievement.”“The nature of these souls is such that they enjoy seeing growth and progress and they find fulfillment in expanding and contributing to the society and environment around them with beautiful creations. Here they have an entire universe in which to invent, achieve and improve. And, much like you saw with the architects at the construction site, the artists here are a very supportive and collaborative bunch.  In fact, quite a number of the works are joint efforts and the impact of collaborative teams significantly expands the creative output.”“Is it just the artistic types or are there others that reside here?” Dan asked.“It’s all sorts of souls ranging from musicians and engineers to designers and authors and other such creators. The common element is creativity. Creating things, relationships and an environment that expands out upon a harmonious universe.” said Jessica.Dan and Jessica continued their leisurely conversation as they strolled about the avenues and side streets of this quaint village. The village reminded Dan of a seaside town he once visited with its concrete archways and tiny shops and here and there open spaces for performances. It was not long before they came upon one of the squares where there was a musical group playing in front of an audience of onlookers.The music was a style of modern Jazz that Dan was familiar with and that pleased him much. He paused for a moment to take in the sounds and soak up the relaxed and thought-provoking atmosphere. In addition to Dan and Jessica, the area was filled with other souls that stood by watching and listening. Some sat at cafe tables enjoying the air, the music, and the ambiance while others were in route to another spot, but still enjoyed the vibrant ambiance of the place. All of this brought back memories of Dan’s past and he turned to Jessica with a pertinent question.“Jessica, what about the innovators like designers and technologists? Do they have an opportunity here to create new inventions and products?” Dan said, recalling his own past career.“Yes they can do that if that’s what they choose to do, and many here channel their creative spirits in that direction. But there are many others that decide to try all sorts of new fields and areas in which to create, as they are not burdened with the earthly constraints of time and financial resources and such. Here they can develop a talent in music or literature or sculpture for instance; there are no constraints.”“That is simply fascinating. Do they ever get frustrated in an area where they may not have a talent and the development is slow as opposed to quick? I imagine some may get impatient or demanding upon themselves to perform better.”“To understand it, you need to realize that the pressures one felt in an earthly environment are not here. These souls are not trying to out-compete one another, to gain a financial advantage, or to pacify an inflated ego. And, there are no time constraints. That makes a world of difference in how souls approach the creative process. They are stimulated by seeing the progress itself and if an individual soul chooses an area that’s not to her innate nature, she simply chooses another that is more suitable; there are just so many to choose from and an eternity in which to do so.”“That does make sense. A different environment with no constraints changes the whole dynamic. After my tour through the three zones, I can see why this was not practical in an earthly environment.  But, at the same time, I now see why here it’s impossible for it not to be this way.”“Dan, I can see you’ve learned much on your journey through the Afterworld. Shall we move on to another area?”“Frankly, I feel I now understand the entire context of all three of the zones,” he said with a sense of confident humility. “Is there anything I’m missing that would be important to the overall context?”“Dan, I’ve been a guide here for quite some time and have taken many on tours. At first, it took some time to assess the souls on their journey, but I’m much better at it now and in that I find much fulfillment. I see you have a full understanding. As such, the other places I might show you are different and stimulating, but the overall contextual tone and harmonious nature are similar. So it is really up to you. Would you like to see more, or are you ready for your own final balance?” she said, intuitively knowing his answer.“Jessica, I so appreciate you taking me on this last leg of my journey and I’m pleased that through fate you were my guide through the Outer Zone. I am fully comfortable and ready for what comes next. So, yes, I am prepared for my own final balance and what it may bring.” Dan said with a solemn and optimistic expression.“Ok, then. Dan, it has been a delight to have taken you here on your journey and may you find peace, harmony and happiness in all your future endeavors. Please place your hand in mine one more time and you shall be on your way.”Twenty-fourDAN IS NOW on a long stretch of beach and there are people everywhere enjoying the warm sun and cool breezes. He listens patiently as the waves crest and then dash upon the shore. This had a tranquil and soothing effect on his consciousness.“I could never have imagined it would be like this,” he thought to himself, as he pondered everything he had seen and experienced in the Afterworld.“In retrospect, this makes perfect sense and could not be otherwise, but under an earthly lens it was so difficult to envision. How different would people be, act, and behave if they had the foreknowledge of what universal eternity would be like? Then again, he now realized there are some that would not change their ways no matter what the consequences.”He looked out over the crystal blue water and stood mesmerized in all that he’d been exposed to since his arrival in the Afterworld. He experienced the horrifying existence endured by those souls residing in the Inner Zone and the dull, mundane eternity experienced by those he found in the Middle Zone. Then there was the Outer Zone, unbounded and filled with creativity, integrity, and goodness.“Hello there Dan, I see you’re back!” shouted a familiar voice.And indeed, Dan turned around in the direction of the voice and saw LaRue standing there with a beaming smile on his face.“LaRue, I did not expect to see you here.”“Why not, this is the Outer Zone of the Afterworld and we’re free to go anywhere we please,” LaRue said humorously.“It’s just that I was waiting for my final balance and did not think I’d see you here in this part of the process.”“Well, you’re final balance is complete.”“Complete? What do you mean?”“That’s it, you’ve been balanced and you’re here for all eternity in the Outer Zone free to go and do whatever you please.” said LaRue.“Oh my, I thought there might be some kind of tribunal or something.”“No, no. That’s not how it works. Once you’ve been through all three zones, you are transported to the one you will eternally reside in, and in your case that’s here in the Outer Zone.”“Well, it’s been quite an experience to say the least. I see now why I needed to experience all three zones. Without that perspective, I would not fully understand the entirety of all existence, and without knowing that, I would not be able to achieve the full perspective needed for my final balance.”As he was speaking, he heard a barking sound in the distance. “Must be Liberty,” Dan thought. But then there were more barks and it sounded like several dogs, so he turned to take a look in their direction and saw a group of four dogs running towards him. Liberty was leading the way and three others followed: a lab, a retriever, and a little Bichon Frise pulling up the rear. Then it struck him, there was something familiar about these dogs and not just Liberty. Then it hit him like a blast of fresh air.“I know those dogs!” he shouted, as they ran full speed toward him, tails wagging, mouths wide open and tongues flopping about every which way, and in the next instant he was surrounded by all the dogs.“Amy, Licorice, and Conrad!” he yelled out in a fit of delight as he bent down to hug and greet them. “LaRue, these are my dogs, the one’s I’d loved so much that had passed before me. They are here in the Outer Zone!”“Of course they are. They have pure souls too. Why wouldn’t they be here?” he smiled and laughed with that bouncing belly.“Now I know, not that I really had any doubts, that this place really is perfection and the ultimate harmony. If my dogs are here with me, it cannot be otherwise.” Dan exclaimed. Then his thoughts turned elsewhere.“What about my family? My wife and children, will they also join me here as well?” he asked.“Yes, if that’s where their own individual balancing takes them. If they achieve balance and arrive here in the Outer Zone, you will all be united in time.” LaRue said.“Oh, and there’s just one more person you might be interested in seeing,” LaRue said, and in the same instant Dan heard a voice behind him.“Hello son, I’m glad to see you’ve arrived.”“Dad, Dad! You’re here.” Dan shouted out with tears of joy. “Oh, how I missed you all those years. I thought so often of your love, the good times we had, and the values you instilled in me.”They immediately embraced each other with the tightest of bear hugs, Dan and his Dad, just like they had done so long ago.Then turning towards LaRue, father and son with smiles filled with joy and gratitude, expressed their appreciation for his service as a greeter. And, LaRue looked back at them in much the same manner, filled with satisfaction at seeing these two wonderful souls reunited for all eternity.“Dan, is there anything else I may do for you here?” LaRue said.“LaRue, I am quite speechless. This is much more amazing than anything I could have imagined. If only all could see what it’s like here. Some might make different choices in their lives. If they could see how their actions impact their place in eternity and look into their souls, they might make different choices.”“Believe it or not, they can see just as you could see. Each person on Earth has a unique perspective that no other person has, and that’s the perspective of what’s in their soul ... the true nature of their own individual soul. Ask yourself, did you know your own soul.”“When you put it that way, I suppose, yes I knew. I knew I was not perfect and made many mistakes in my life, but at the core, I knew I was a good person. I also knew I tried to continually improve over the years. So, yes, you’re right, I guess I did know.” replied Dan.“Well, then you knew your ultimate destiny even before arriving here in the Afterworld. And you know what ... everyone knows their own inner soul and destiny.”“LaRue, thank you so much for the guidance and support. I can see now why you take on your role here as a greeter. It’s challenging and at the same time fulfilling.”“Dan. Thank you for being the soul that you are.”And so, Dan, Dad, and dogs departed off along the shoreline to enjoy the pleasant surroundings while getting reacquainted with one another.Also By STEPHEN BLACK
 [image file=image_1174.jpg] 
If you enjoyed FINAL BALANCE, then go back in time with Dan Alexander and experience the events in his life that lead up to the destruction of the city in my first book, THE ZOO.Buy the Book
Visit http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00LD9IXMO/ to purchase the book in its entirety.About the AuthorStephen Black is an emerging author with varied interests ranging from arts and science to economic history and nature. He also enjoys a love of dogs, bird watching, bicycling, and international travel. He spends his free time writing books with the aim of providing readers with entertaining, thought-provoking themes and eye-opening experiences.