Title : Jack Addison vs. Man-Ravishing Spider (M/M serial) (Jack Addison vs. a Whole World of Hot Trouble Book 1)
Author: Merikan, K.A.




Jack Addison vs. Man-Ravishing SpiderJack Addison Vs a Whole World of Hot Trouble #1K.A. Merikan“Please write down my name. Jack Addison.”Jack Addison. Son of a famous monster hunter. Grandson of a celebrated inventor. He has a lot to live up to, but his ego is as big as the expectations of his family. At just nineteen, he’s fresh out of a prestigious academy, set to make a name for himself in a world where people need protection from strange and dangerous creatures.During the annual hunt for the Loch Ness monster, Jack finds a rival in Roux Chat-Bonnes, a cat-like being who recently joined the same profession and is set to steal the bounty—and fame―from under Jack’s nose.Jack won’t let that happen. He sets out on the hunt alone, but the creature that he finds in the cave near Loch Ness doesn’t have tentacles. Instead, it’s got hairy legs, eight black eyes and a taste for human flesh.POSSIBLE SPOILERS:Themes: living up to expectations, pride, dreams, self-discovery, tolerance, fame, monster hunting, inter-species relationsGenre: M/M romantic erotica, horror-comedyErotic content: Scorching hot, explicit scenesLength: ~7,500 words (Episode 1 in the serial)WARNING: This story contains morally ambiguous characters and scenes of sex that might be considered taboo.This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance of characters to actual persons, living, dead, or undead, events, places or names is purely coincidental.No part of this book may be reproduced or transferred in any form or by any means, without the written permission of the publisher. Uploading and distribution of this book via the Internet or via any other means without a permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law.Text copyright © 2018 K.A. MerikanAll Rights Reservedhttp://kamerikan.comEditing by No Stone Unturnedhttps://www.facebook.com/NoStoneUnturnedEditingServices/Cover design by Germancreativehttps://www.fiverr.com/germancreativeTable of contentsForewordChapter 1Chapter 2Chapter 3NEWSLETTERPATREONAbout the authorOther books by K.A. MerikanForewordThis crazy story was first published on our Patreon. We would like to thank our 3$+ patrons for making some of the main character’s choices for him. While we prepared a storyline for each of the choices, it was up to the patrons to blindly decide which of the events would end up happening on page.In this serial, each episode encompasses a single event from Jack Addison’s career, but while they are partially self-contained, some of the arcs (the romantic arc, Jack’s personal journey) develop over time, so it’s best to not read this story out of turn.Many of our shorter or less commercial works are available on Patreon first, so if you would like to have access to them, or influence Jack’s further conquests, please consider supporting us.https://www.patreon.com/kamerikanKat and Agnes MerikanChapter 1The damp cold soaked into Jack’s clothes, biting his skin as he walked down the path spiraling between the trees. The coachman who had brought him here from the nearest train station had told him that all the other venators had already arrived at Loch Ness, but Jack wouldn’t let that stop him from kick-starting his monster-hunting career with the most prestigious event worldwide.So he might have boarded the ship for Europe a little bit too late. Big deal—what counted was that Halloween lasted for another twelve hours, which was more than enough time to collect the bounty for Nessie’s head and become another bright star in the Addison family tree.As he followed the winding track, his feet gradually sank into the clouds of vapor that obscured the undergrowth. The loch itself, visible in the dying sunlight, was also partially hidden by the thick fog, providing cover for the monster that only left the depths once a year.The sound of music and voices ahead gradually became louder when Jack neared the shore, and the cheerfulness of it all started to drill its way under his skin. Could it be that someone already had got the bounty? Was he too late after all? But when Jack left the trees behind and saw the large inn by the dark waters of the lake, there was no carcass in sight—only empty carts, cages, and human silhouettes in lit windows.He sped up, eager to step into warmth. He hadn’t thought his outfit through all that well, and the short leather jacket meant that the wind kept licking his back through the shirt. Then again, life was meant for living, not dreading a pinch of cold. Most importantly, he had his pistols, his family sword, and the latest Addison device, which would give him an advantage over other venators and lead him to the hell hole Nessie had crawled out from.He pushed the door of the Monster’s Head open and stepped inside. He didn’t expect the Scottish to recognize him, since he’d lived in New York most of his life, but he was sure there was no venator alive who wouldn’t recognize his last name. After all, the device they all carried had been named after its inventor, Jack’s late grandmother.The music he’d heard on the way came from a gramophone in the corner, but a large contingent of the people gathered sang to the lively melody while sampling beer, as if this was an opportunity for socializing, not the annual hunt for the Loch Ness monster. Almost fifty years since its first appearance, Nessie had only been captured by photography and sketches, and there was no way to predict where exactly it would appear this time, but Jack was still disillusioned by the behavior he was witnessing.Was no one even trying to stay in adequate shape for tonight’s hunt?And worst of all, with the commotion, hardly anyone noticed his presence. Quite tall and muscular, despite being just nineteen, he had the kind of charm that drew the attention of women and men alike. To top it all off, his wide smile full of even, white teeth, sunshine hair, and blue eyes in a lightly tanned handsome face ensured that even without his last name being mentioned, he never drank his beer alone.The inn was filled mostly with other venators—something Jack could recognize by the emblems sewn on their clothing, but they all ate and drank in groups, talking in many languages he did not recognize.“Hello, love. If you need someplace to sleep, we only have hay mattresses left,” said a busty blonde woman with a thick Scottish accent. She approached him out of nowhere, dressed in civilian clothes and wearing a dress with a neckline slightly deeper than propriety would normally allow, she was likely a member of staff.“What? You don’t have rooms available? But the nearest town is an hour away!”She sighed and patted his chest. “You must be new to this. There’s only so much space available at the inn. I could accept a down payment for next year. Many choose to sleep in the barn.”Ha! Next year. There would be no hunt next year, because Jack Addison would catch and behead Nessie tonight. Especially since everyone else seemed to only be there for a good time over beers and whiskey.This conversation did seem like a good opportunity to drop his name though. “Yes, please write down my name. Jack Addison.”No reaction, just a smile. How demotivating. But a man sitting by the nearby bar gave Jack a curious look and poked two of his friends, both of whom were also venators.“Addison? Like ‘The Kraken’ Addison?” the guy asked in a polite accent that sounded exactly like Jack’s only English professor at the American Institute of Interdimensional Studies.Pride swelled in Jack’s chest, and he approached the men with a smile. “I am his son.”The Englishman squeezed Jack’s hand. “Hector Collins. And these are my former schoolmates, William Tucker and Drake Nguyen.”William tapped the bar counter, trying to draw the attention of the pretty young barman who had so many orders to complete that his cheeks were glistening and rosy despite the cold. “What are you drinking, Addison?”Jack licked his lips, sliding his gaze off the barman’s neck and to his new friends. “Oh, I’ll have coffee.”All three English men laughed to the point of slapping their knees.“Good one, Addison. Keeping your wits about you, eh?” asked Drake.Hector gaped and touched the thick handle of Jack’s two-handed sword. “Is this… is this the sword that ripped open the Kraken?”Jack smirked and reached back, pulling Gouger out of the sheath on his back. “The very same. You can touch it, but be careful, it’s extremely sharp.”“Can I have some butter, please?” someone asked in a strong French accent behind Jack’s back, and he wouldn’t have paid it any mind, if it wasn’t for seeing his new friends exchange curious glances.What could be more interesting than the legendary Gouger? Jack wanted to sneak a peek at the guy, but once he looked over his shoulder, everything else was forgotten. He put the sword back into the sheath.A chat. A real-life chat!He'd read about them in the first Monster Manual written by his dad. The textbook had since been redacted to call them 'creatures', but that didn't really change what these non-humans were.About Jack’s height, but much more slender, even in the long leather jacket, the chat was ginger with a few white stripes on his head. The massive ears that twitched in attention hid white tufts that would have been cute on a normal cat, not this man-sized critter. His paws were white, as if he were wearing gloves. A ridiculous notion for a creature that was more animal than human. Did the fluffy fingers really hide killer claws?As the barman served the chat a freaking plate of butter cut into squares, Jack stole a glance at the chat’s back, and there it was, sticking out from the folds of the leather coat—a long ginger tail as furry as the rest of the creature. More disturbingly though, on the back of his coat, the chat wore the crest of the Paris Academy for Interdimensional Matters, Europe’s largest school dedicated to venator education. Had he won it in a game of cards? Because he sure as hell couldn’t be a venator.“Can I help you?” said the chat, and caught Jack’s gaze with his massive green eyes. Wow, even his spiky canines were the enlarged version of what one would expect to see in the muzzle of a domestic cat. And the same could be said of the chat’s face. It looked like a large feline head. A well-bred one, but still that of a cat. Though this one’s features were somewhat elongated, with a pronounced dip above the pink nose.Jack’s father would have said that creatures had no place among humans. Jack did not agree with that statement nearly as strongly, and he’d seen glimpses of them in London and Birmingham, but they should’ve been kept from joining a profession that was all about keeping their kind in line. Besides, being a venator required not only physical prowess but also brains, something creatures were lacking when compared with humans.“You shouldn’t be wearing this,” Jack said, pulling on the chat’s coat.The chat slapped away his hand, and despite the gesture being aggressive, Jack couldn’t help a silly smile at how the inside of the creature’s hand felt like a padded cat paw.“Excuse me? Are you questioning my credentials?” The chat straightened on his strange legs that ended with large paws, not shoes. He supposed footwear was unnecessary when you were an animal.Jack sensed people’s eyes on him, and it fueled his confidence. He gestured at the chat. “That emblem you’re wearing. The Paris Academy for Interdimensional Matters is a serious institution, and only a graduate should have the honor of representing it.”The chat squinted, and his whiskers bristled. “My name is Roux Chat-Bonnes, and you better remember it. I am most definitely a graduate of PAIM. Top of my class, in fact. What would make you think otherwise?”Another young man approached them and pulled on Roux’s sleeve. “Come on, Roux, it’s not worth spoiling your night over,” he said in heavily accented English. He too, sounded French.Jack shook his head. Unbelievable. This thing actually had human acquaintances. It was a far cry from back home, where creatures and humans didn’t intermingle. Even venators in training had rarely met a creature before they took the practical classes toward the end of their education. “No venator academy would accept a chat.”His new friends looked at him with somber expressions, but didn’t join the conversation. What was up with that?“You’re years behind the rest of the world across the pond,” said one of the few female venators present. “PAIM is currently educating two non-humans, and some other schools are considering opening their doors to them too. And good. What’s the point of missing out on talent over prejudice?”That statement elicited some groans, and the merry singing mostly stopped, leaving space for loud conversations.Drake pulled on Jack’s jacket. “Can’t we just enjoy ourselves? No point in discussing this when the issue is so miniscule.”But Jack would not give it a rest. He was an Addison, and he would not back away from a rightful fight when everyone was watching! “It’s a great shame that the Institute bowed to outside pressure instead of keeping to its principles.”The tiny, but still audible growl coming from the chat gave Jack the satisfaction he was craving. “Maybe you should go back to America then, so you don’t have to endure looking at me.”Jack snarled. That was exactly the kind of entitlement creatures exhibited when allowed to integrate into human society. “Why would I? This is my world. You are only a guest.”Drake’s hand tightened on Jack’s shoulder in warning, but why was he keeping quiet? Father would have been embarrassed if he’d known Jack had spoken to a chat, because even that implied that they were equals. Maybe that was the reason for all the silence?Roux dragged his claws over the counter. Was this meant to be a threat? The audacity! “We share this world now, and we’re all responsible for keeping it stable.”“Oh! A pussycat will be teaching me about my world now?”A few of the Frenchmen hissed, shaking their heads, and the fur on the chat’s head bristled. “What did you call me?” He grabbed the rapier at his side and pulled it out of its sheath with a metallic sound that made the barman freeze.Some of the venators stood, others just watched, but the music was now completely off, leaving a tense silence that did not belong in a room full of people.Was no one going to intervene?Behind Jack’s back, Hector cleared his throat and slid off the stool. “All right, I’ll be off. Need to tend to my horse,” he said and rushed to the exit, followed by William. Drake stayed behind, but he backed away, standing closer to the table where all the French people sat.Was there no one to step in and support Jack in this? He bet they were all too afraid to say what they were really thinking.“Listen, Roux—”The chat straightened up with the rapier in his massive paw-hand. “It’s monsieur Chat-Bonnes to you!”Jack snorted. “My mother’s cat was called Mr. Paws. Is that what your name means?” He kept his gaze on the tip of the sword. Inhuman or not, chats were known for speed and acrobatics, and he would not be injured before he got his hands on Nessie!“And you’ll be called Mr. Emmental once I’m done with you!”Jack squinted at Roux, unsure if he should be offended or not.“It’s a cheese, you bumpkin! With holes. Don’t you have proper dairy where you’re from?”Enough was enough. Jack pushed the rapier aside and kicked at Roux’s legs, attempting to knock him off his feet. But instead of dropping like a log, the chat gracefully caught himself mid-fall and skipped away, squaring his shoulders once he stood. “What a dirty move. So typical.”Fire burned in Jack’s veins, and he scowled, squeezing his fist until it creaked. “What are you trying to say, huh? A diploma doesn’t make you any less of a pussycat. Even the device you carry at your belt has my name on it!” he said, indicating the well-polished addison attached to Roux’s hip.The chat let out a hiss, and his whiskers bristled when he revealed his sharp canines. “Is there anything you worked for yourself? Did you even have to pass any exams at the academy with that last name, or did Daddy take care of it all for you?”That was a blow below the belt, but it still had Jack still for a few moments. He wanted to deny it all, but words got stuck in his throat, because Roux was right. Were it not for Jack’s name, he’d have probably failed before the first year was out. But the academy did not want “Kraken” Addison’s kid out, so Jack had been repeatedly given opportunities no one else got.“Spit that out, animal.”“Never!” Roux hissed, his ears flattening right before he pounced at Jack with his rapier and missed Jack’s arm by half an inch, only thanks to Jack’s reflexes. So maybe his schooling was patchy at best, but he did excel at its physical aspects.The people around them became a blur. Jack attempted to strike Roux’s muzzle, but the chat skipped through the air and landed on the table, crouching amidst dirty plates. His large ears lay flat against his head, but the moment the barman approached him, ready to berate Roux for jumping on tables, Jack’s opponent shot through the air as if his bones were hollow.Jack swallowed, balling one hand into a fist and pulling out his hunting knife with the other. The Gouger was not meant for this kind of petty fights. After all, Jack didn’t want the chat dead. “If you want to be a man, then fight like one, you coward!”That worked, but Jack didn’t expect the force with which Roux’s rapier would meet his own blade, and he slipped on spilled liquor. The chat continued his assault even after Jack fell, so with blood pumping in his veins like mad, Jack was left deflecting. From the corner of his eye he spotted an opportunity.When Roux thrust his rapier forward again, Jack rolled back, grabbed the legs of a nearby chair and swung it at Roux’s feet, hitting his target. Satisfaction exploded in his heart at the sound of a panicked cat-like whine, and the chat fell without the earlier grace. Blood spilled from his pink nose when his chin hit the counter on the way, but Jack wasn’t done yet. He rolled to his knees and pushed the chair, not only trapping Roux under it but also putting down more weight to teach the thing a lesson.Nobody disrespected Jack Addison. Especially not some entitled creature.“That’s enough!” Drake said, trying to pull Jack back, but he was too caught up in his triumph to listen.“Are we done here, pussycat?”Someone burst in through the front door, huffing for breath. “Nessie’s been spotted!”Chapter 2Nessie. His first job. A big one at that. A head for Jack’s empty trophy wall. He could not let anyone get to the monster before him. He froze between the desire to hunt and his pride, but the moment his attention slipped, one of the furry paws pulled out of his grip. He instinctively recoiled when a flash of red appeared before his eyes, but he wasn’t quick enough, and the nails tore through his cheek, leaving behind a violent sting.“You fucking thing! Stay down,” he snarled and jumped to his feet. He was an Addison. He wouldn’t let some chat pull him away from his destiny.With his hand against his aching face and blood dripping from between his fingers, he joined the crowd of venators leaving the inn. He didn’t even spare the animal a glance. Greatness awaited him just outside the inn and he wouldn’t waste another second.He slammed into Drake, who moved the other way and offered Jack a frown. “The kitty got you?”The question tore through Jack’s mood like a blade. Just great. Now he’d be the laughing stock of all the venators. The stakes for catching Nessie couldn’t have been any higher. “He did it after I already pulled away. Typical chat. They’re not known for playing fair.”Drake nodded. “Backstabbers.”But there was no time to waste on petty conversation when his face hurt as if cut by razors, and the others wouldn’t wait to check up on him or listen to his story. They all wanted a piece of Nessie, so Jack followed them into the night, running blindly down toward the lake.Many venators were already ahead of them, following clues shouted by watchmen perched in trees, and Jack clenched his jaw, counting his fellow hunters. There were too many. If he stabbed Nessie in the heart, his achievement would inevitably remain unnoticed in the crowd of venators who would be credited with the kill by participation alone.What a disgrace. He couldn’t let that happen. But he had no clues other than the ones shouted from above, so he followed the procession of venators who were chatting as if this were a marketplace, not a hunt. Because what else could he do?Instead of staying by the loch, they ventured into the woods, and Jack’s enthusiasm dwindled until he was among those lagging behind. What a useless day. He should have planned this more carefully. He had burning wounds on his cheek, and little to no chance at finding glory tonight.That was, until his new generation addison trembled against his thigh.Jack stood still, startled, but there was no doubt that the device was giving him a signal.He swallowed and looked at the others, but the venators paid him little attention, too busy wasting time on conversation as if none of them felt that Nessie was within reach.Who had given them their diplomas?He stepped aside, between the bushes, acting as if he were planning to relieve his bladder, and only once he was out of sight, he glanced at the device.The little arrow point away from the path taken by the venators blindly roaming through the forest. None of their devices had picked up the faint magnetic waves emitted by a crack between dimensions, but Jack had the best of the best, and he now had the advantage he needed to get to the monster first.The arrow indicated at a steep wall of rocks, and when Jack strained his eyes, he realized that the darker color, that at first glance seemed like just shadow, might be a discreet entrance to a cave.Perhaps this undiscovered place was where the monster originally entered this world. The device vibrated against his hip, but he knew how elusive Nessie was and ended up switching it off to stop it from making any more noise. The crack in the rocks hadn’t been an optical illusion, and when Jack approached, with his heart beating fast from the excitement of his very first real hunt, cool, damp air blew into his face. Jack’s feet moved over the soft moss until he reached the entrance of the hidden cave and peeked inside.The tunnel was narrow, but for all they knew, Nessie could be a shapeshifter, or a blob of goo that moulded its body to the cracks. Hairs stood on the back of his neck at the sound of a strange clicking noise that resonated all the way to his bones, but he pushed on.From afar, the cave entrance had looked more like a trick of light, but once Jack pulled in his stomach and stood on his toes, getting through the cramped space became a possibility. He tried to breathe quietly, giving himself time to listen after each step forward, but once he could move freely, the dilemma presented by the absolute darkness inside the cave made him stop for a couple of moments. The hollowness of the space around Jack made his skin crawl, even though he couldn’t hear anything encroaching. There was the rhythmic sound of water dropping at regular intervals, but other than that? Nothing.He spread his arms and tried to touch the walls but only met air, which posed the question: how big was this cave?He hesitated for a couple more heartbeats, but there was no point of going on a hunt if he couldn’t see, even if the light might betray his presence to the monster. He pulled out his lamp and found the switch. The portable electric lights were still very new, so Jack assumed most venators at this hunt would have to rely on oil, but Jack Addison had all the latest technology. Nessie would become the first trophy on his wall.Was his wall even big enough?His thoughts were stopped short by another series of the clicking noises he’d heard before. They were unsettling enough to make him stop and stare into the darkness surrounding him.A whisper followed with gusts of cold air. Jack turned, barely capable of controlling the sudden tension in his limbs. His brain kept telling him that it was just irrational fear, but his body wouldn’t listen and shook gently, sending Jack’s senses into overdrive.Something scratched the stone floor right behind him, and he slowly, very slowly looked back, squeezing his sweaty hand on the lamp.He switched it on.The massive form above him flinched at the change in illumination, and Jack backed away so fast he almost fell over when the heel of his boot hit a rock. The creature moved on hairy stilts, but Jack didn’t want to see any more. He turned away and ran deeper into the cave, practically flying down the irregular path between tall rock formations, forgetting even his name.He’d faced captured monsters back at school, but none of them was this big. None of them had faced him one-on-one either, and the sense of absolute dread pushed him forward, as if there was no other option.If only he could find a small crack that he could crawl into and wait until the thing was gone.The clicking noise followed him, and when Jack realized it was getting louder, he screamed. He should have waited and gone with the others. He shouldn’t have been such a fool. His heartbeat was out of control spurred on by a vision of the monster’s jaws on his flesh, but he was too scared to glance over his shoulder and check what the creature actually looked like, other than having long hairy legs.Then again, maybe he should face it? His imagination had surely provided images far worse than reality could be. So he gathered the courage and turned his head.The single lamp created deep shadows, somehow making the creature chasing Jack even more impressive. It moved on stilt-like legs, dragging its massive body through the air as if it weighed close to nothing. Something small moved where he imagined its mouth to be, but with the illumination so unstable Jack wasn’t even sure if he would hit its head, if he tried to shoot.He collided with a strange, yielding surface. Jack sucked in air as his electric lamp dropped. He stepped back—or at least tried to, but the gluey threads pulled him back in. They stuck to his cheek, to his clothes, and the approaching monster slowed down. Did it know that Jack was trapped? Did it have the mental capacity to have set this up in advance?He sure as fuck had no mental capacity for anything but screaming when the creature reached the threshold of light, and all eight black eyes glistened, staring at Jack with emptiness that could swallow even the surrounding darkness.It was a spider.A spider the size of an elephant.Jack could barely breathe, stiff with fear as the giant arachnid approached its trap, moving the strange claws at the front of its face. Bristle-like fur covered all of its body, and when it sank low, hovering its fat abdomen above the cave floor, the movement was like a dance.Did this creature play with its food?Fuck… fuck… This couldn’t possibly be Nessie, which was known to be a marine beast. This was something else, not yet known to science. Perhaps Jack should have paid more attention to his studies when he still had the chance.He tried to reach one of his weapons, but with both his arms trapped by the sticky web, he had no chance of grabbing anything and remained at the mercy of the monster that was already making his guts turn inside-out with fear.“Do… y-you speak?” he tried, and it came out with a pathetic whimper when the spider leaned forward and moved the bristles on its jaws to reveal two sharp fangs. Black and already dripping with some kind of slime, just the sight of them made Jack push back into the web and cry out.He still tried to struggle, but it was no use. The web was too strong even for him.He would end up poisoned and devoured—his liquidized insides consumed by this huge arachnid, and no one would ever speak of him fondly. Gone before he could even make a name for himself.A scream tore out of his throat when something hard moved down his back. The spider was close. He could sense its musky smell, and hear the clicking noises it made with the jaws all too close. Was it trying to communicate?Would it hurt to be eaten, or would he die quickly? Maybe the creature would tranquilize him first so he wouldn’t have to suffer? Back at school, he’d heard the story of a venator found with holes in his body, his organs removed. Only much later had investigators found out that vultures had stuffed their heads into him and eaten the carcass from the inside. It had seemed a curious gory tale back then. Now—not so much.One of the fangs touched Jack’s lips, and when he turned his head away in panic, the creature followed, eventually pressing the slick black fang into his mouth, so that he couldn’t even scream.Too scared to do anything, he shuddered as the oddly sweet substance trickled into his mouth. It was like sugar syrup flavored with something slightly bitter, but he had no choice but to accept what was happening to him as the spider’s large body pushed on him from behind. Its long legs spread over the web until Jack’s miniscule size was completely hidden. The spider’s saliva slowly dribbled into Jack’s mouth, filling it until he was forced to repeatedly swallow, on the verge of hope that maybe if he stayed completely still, the monster would lose interest.Or was he swallowing a solution that would melt his insides for the creature to suck out? Even Gouger wouldn’t save Jack now. With no choice left but to stay still, he let more tears spill down his face. Why had he been so stupid? He wasn’t ready to die. He should have started small, hunting down necrorats in London sewers, not trying to slay Nessie. There were still so many things he wanted to do, countries he craved to explore. Was he supposed to die a virgin?So unfair.He shrieked when the spider pulled back its fang, but it stayed close to Jack, as if it wanted to absorb his body heat. Its furry jaws kept moving against the back of his head, but the arachnid wasn’t striking yet.Jack cleared his throat when it became oddly hot. A couple of seconds later, so did his stomach, and after a bit more time, it felt as if there was a burning trail linking Jack’s mouth with his innards.A sob escaped his lips. It was coming. He would be melted from the inside, and this was only the beginning. Already, his head was starting to spin from the odd heat that would surely turn into pain.But instead, he was only getting more erratic. From his ears, to his toes, he was engulfed in flames, yet no pain followed. He licked the sweat off his lip but became attentive once more when the spider dragged its terrifying leg along his back, ripping his jacket and shirt with its claw. Gouger fell with a dull clang, like the sign of ultimate defeat.Jack wanted to beg for his life, understanding that the monster would now feast on him, and there was nothing he could do, no matter how much he pulled on the sticky cobweb. Only a babble he himself didn’t understand came out of his mouth, accompanied by drool spilling down his chin. Was he losing motor functions already? His skin felt oddly sensitive, and when the spider’s jaws twitched by his naked back, the sensation of its hair touching skin had Jack twitching with something that was oddly like pleasure, no matter how much that went against his rational thought.The arachnid clicked loudly, sounding almost gleeful as it moved over Jack, pushing his legs wider apart. The pressure on the limbs grew, and despite the haze clouding Jack’s overheated brain, he realized the monster was securing his legs in place with yet more cobweb.Stay still, it seemed to say.There was no point trying to reason with the thing, but Jack still tried, frustrated when his tongue wouldn’t move as normal, which resulted in slurred speech.A huffing noise came from the spider, but when it rubbed its abdomen up and down Jack’s naked back, the touch no longer felt intrusive. The tickling sensation transformed into heat that relaxed all of Jack’s muscles, leaving him absolutely defenceless, but also devoid of fear. Perhaps it was physically impossible for the human body to take so much stress at once, and it gave up?That thought only lasted a couple of minutes, because when something blunt thrust between Jack’s thighs, his entire body shook, struggling uselessly against the entrapment. The moment the spider ripped his pants in the middle, revealing his bare ass, he stopped moving altogether.He was hit by the realization that the sounds, which before seemed random, had rhythm and sense. Could it be that the creature was in fact sentient?Legs spread wide, clothes ripped, and sweating from the heat coming from inside him, there was nothing Jack could do when he realized that a slick appendage devoid of any hair was touching his inner thigh. Not a leg then.He arched against the heat of the hairy body on top of him, and while one half of him was repulsed, the other yearned for the touch as if he were a mindless animal, thinking of only his current physical need.And what was this physical need exactly?Yes, human, open up to me, the monster communicated without words. It was as if they now had a connection and the creature spoke directly to Jack’s mind.Or he was going mad.He understood the spider’s meaning once the prick-like appendage slipped between his buttocks and rubbed his anus almost gently, leaving Jack shocked by his own reaction. He moaned and writhed in the cobweb—not to escape but desperately arching toward the touch. Was there even room left for shame at this point?All he knew was that his whole body throbbed with the need to connect with the monster and get off.A faint thought lingered that his feelings about penetration had always been somewhat ambivalent, but his brain was thoroughly soaked in the delicious anticipation at this point. The furry jaws slid to his shoulders and tightened on the sides of his neck, and as the huge form behind Jack shifted, two of the long legs rested on his hips, trapping them in the position the arachnid desired.Jack couldn’t tell if it was all instinct on the part of the monster, or if it knew what would be most convenient, but at this angle, the damp appendage pushed at Jack’s anus. He gave a choked cry when his sphincter squeezed against the force, but the spider was insistent in its needs and wouldn’t relent until Jack’s body let it in. The pain of penetration was like a stab, but once the muscles were forced to relax, the spider cock slid in with no trouble at all.Perhaps the tube was there to eat Jack from inside out? Trapped in the cobweb, he knew that he should be terrified out of his mind, but whatever the spider had drugged him with was working, and no matter what Jack’s brain screamed at him, he couldn’t wait to rock against the appendage. Hard and slippery, it moved inside slowly, so clearly the monster didn’t wish to rip him apart. Jack’s sphincter throbbed around it, gradually allowing the invasion. What should be beyond wrong couldn’t have felt more right.He moaned his pleasure, his tongue and lips so numb he dribbled saliva down his neck, focused solely on the spider’s… cock? Was it a cock? He didn’t even care anymore. He burned to have it deeper inside him.The jaws tickled his neck lovingly, and he arched back, trying to rub against the massive body while the appendage thrust in deeper, until it hit something that made Jack squeal in surprise. Then came a pang of pain. Not too bad, but the sound Jack made was adverse to the spider, which started retracting the thick tube.“N-no,” Jack whimpered, squirming to stab himself on the worm-like appendage. The creature stopped, but it seemed to get the hint, as the cock-thing started pushing back in a constant movement that had Jack questioning the length of the thing. And his own sanity.Every now and then, the penetration would cause cramps in Jack’s insides, but then the appendage retracted before once more fighting its way in until Jack’s back was curved into a bow, and his dick stiffer than it had ever been.Jack did everything he could to grind it against the cobweb, and its sticky touch, as strange as it was, offered that bit of relief as he desperately thrashed in the bondage. No future or past mattered. It felt as if dying would be a better fate than not coming.He became frustrated when his tormentor’s dick stopped moving, but then the spider twitched against him, and something pushed at his sphincter again. At first, he thought the beast hadn’t yet shoved its entire length in, but then it became clear that whatever was worming its way into him now was inside the tube.Jack’s lips felt dry even after he dampened them with his tongue, but he had no complaints when the bulge passed his entrance and moved deeper, making space for another one. It was as if the spider cock was gaining thickness, hardening, only to soften again. Jack couldn’t take the intensity of the experience any longer.Whatever moved inside him, stimulated a spot that caused pleasure to ripple through his body. Bound, spread open, with a hairy body on top, he couldn’t think of anything but rubbing his cock against the sticky cobweb faster.The spider made that clickety sound again as if to soothe Jack, tell him that all would be over soon.The pumping continued as the appendage passed more and more objects, depositing them deep in Jack’s gut. It made him frantic with need but also caused discomfort as his gut expanded, filling so thoroughly he was losing his mind. It was only when the spider cock slid out of Jack’s hole, and something pushed at the sphincter from the inside, that the mountain of pleasure crumbled, making his entire body shudder in ecstasy that consumed everything—the spider, the web, and even Jack himself.Chapter 3Everything hurt.His stomach, his legs, his muscles, his throat, and his wounded cheek. Hell, even his head, so he stubbornly kept his eyes shut despite the bright light shining onto his face. Something kept tickling him, but he didn’t react, wanting to fall into merciful sleep again and no longer deal with the pain and nausea. Something buzzed and bumped into the side of his head, making Jack sit up, only to fall back into the pillows when a powerful cramp twisted through the entirety of his insides.“F-fuck!”“Just stay down,” said a female voice. “Doctor Hunt! He’s waking up!”The yelling made Jack’s head hurt even more, but when he growled, the burning in his throat made him gag.The woman above him wore a dark brown dress, with a starched white apron and a headdress that immediately identified her as a nurse. Her mouth was pursed into a pitiful expression, and she was quick to pull Jack’s head up and put a glass of cold water against his lips. The liquid soothed the soreness of Jack’s throat, and he shuddered, falling back to the bed after a few swallows.Only now did he realize there were other people around. He lay on a metal bed by the window, but to his right was a divider, and someone coughed loudly on its other side. The smell of iodine and alcohol penetrated his nose so violently it took all of his willpower to keep the water down.“You’re one lucky lad!” said a doctor, rushing in. “How are you feeling? Do you remember what happened?”Judging by Jack’s state, the spider hadn’t been a nightmare. Did all these people know what—?“Inside of me!” Jack yelled, sitting up again. “There’s something inside of me!”The nurse smiled at him while frowning, which created the weirdest expression of both pity and consolation. “It’s all right, doctor Hunt had your innards emptied, and your fellow venators disposed of the eggs safely. You were very brave,” she told him, but it sounded like something she would have said to a crying child after inoculation.Jack’s mouth was dry again, and he pulled the blanket all the way to his chin. “I… what…”The doctor pulled on his gray beard and nodded at the nurse, who mercifully left, sparing Jack the embarrassment of listening to this in the presence of a lady.“That tarantoid poisoned you, but you’re getting stronger. In two days or so, you will be able to walk out of here on your own two legs,” he said, taking some notes, which he then pinned to the footboard of Jack’s bed. “You need to be more careful. If you hadn’t been found on time and the eggs hatched inside you, the young would have eaten you alive.”With a somber expression, he reached into the pocket of his coat and placed a jar on the bedside table. Small, objects that looked very much like large raisins, floated in brine. Jack’s mind took its time to put two and two together, and his stomach twisted when he realized it was the spider eggs.He drowned in the mattress, trying not to think too much about the tarantoid dick moving inside him and filling him up. He shouldn’t have liked it. “Does anyone… know?”The doctor frowned. “Only the venator who found you, but I’m sure professional solidarity will keep his mouth shut. Then again, it’s hard to say how much you can trust a chat.”Jack’s mind went blank.“A chat.”“Funny ginger fellow. Well behaved for a Frenchman.”Jack’s heart might have as well stopped beating.Saved by a chat. If his father found out, he’d disinherit Jack and never speak to him again. “Thank you.”The doctor glanced at his watch and adjusted his coat. “All right then. You will be fed a liquid diet for the next two days. The chat left a newspaper for you, in case you got bored. I’ll see you during the afternoon rounds,” he said, retreating behind the divider.Jack cleared his throat. “Could I... keep one of the poisoned eggs? As a reminder that I should be more careful in the future?”The doctor shrugged. “I don’t see why not.”When he left, Jack looked under the comforter, wanting to make sure everything was fine with his junk. Did getting fucked by a tarantoid even count as losing one’s virginity? He was probably on virgin territory with that question.The moment he grabbed the newspaper from the bedside table, he understood why the chat had left it.Roux Chat-Bonnes saves the night!The Annual Nessie Hunt could have ended in tragedy if it wasn’t for Roux Chat-Bonnes, the first non-human venator to graduate from the Paris Academy for Interdimensional Matters. Instead of chasing fame, he slayed a tarantoid that had tormented the local population for months, and saved a young man from becoming a spider incubator.Good luck with Nessie next year, monsieur Chat-Bonnes!Underneath the headline on the front page, Roux smiled at Jack from a photo where he held the giant spider’s head in one paw and the leather sack containing bounty in the other.Jack covered his face with the newspaper and breathed in the scent of ink, but it would not obscure his shame.Maybe next year then.To be continued in Jack Addison Vs Nessie’s TentaclesAVAILABLE ON AMAZONNext time on Jack Addison!Will Jack Addison get his revenge on the chat?Will Jack's father find out what happened?Will Jack Addison conquer Nessie next year?Find out in Jack Addison vs Nessie's Tentacles! [image file=image_303.jpg] “I’m not here to make friends. I’m here to slay Nessie.”Jack Addison is on his way to becoming a famous monster hunter, but luck had been against him at the Annual Nessie Hunt the previous year. Now, he’s back at Loch Ness to show everyone what he’s made of.He’s got a lot to prove to Roux Chat-Bonnes, the snotty cat-like creature who saved his life last time, so Jack goes into the woods to hunt Nessie armed with a brand new detection device.But the creature he finds is nothing like he expected. Where he thought he would slay a monster, he ends up learning a valuable lesson about opening his horizons to new lifeforms. The learning curve is made delightful with the help of tentacles, suckers, and lots of slippery slime.POSSIBLE SPOILERS:Themes: pride, dreams, self-discovery, tolerance, fame, monster hunting, interspecies relations, tentaclesGenre: M/M romantic erotica, horror-comedyErotic content: Scorching hot, explicit scenesLength: ~10,500 words (Episode 2 in the serial)WARNING: This story contains morally ambiguous characters and scenes that might be considered taboo.Thank you for reading Jack Addison vs. Man-Ravishing Spider. If you enjoyed your time with our story, we would really appreciate it if you took a few minutes to leave a review on your favorite platform. It is especially important for us as self-publishing authors, who don’t have the backing of an established press.Not to mention we simply love hearing from readers! :)Kat&Agnes AKA K.A. Merikankamerikan@gmail.comhttp://kamerikan.comNEWSLETTERIf you’re interested in our upcoming releases, exclusive deals, extra content, freebies and the like, sign up for our newsletter.http://kamerikan.com/newsletterWe promise not to spam you, and when you sign up, you can choose one of the following books for FREE. Win-Win!Road of No Return by K.A. MerikanGuns n’ Boys Book 1 by K.A.MerikanAll Strings Attached by Miss MerikanThe Art of Mutual Pleasure by K.A. MerikanPlease, read the instructions in the welcoming e-mail to receive your free book :)PATREONHave you enjoyed reading our books? Want more? Look no further! We now have a Patreon account.https://www.patreon.com/kamerikanAs a patron, you will have access to flash fiction with characters from our books, early cover reveals, illustrations, crossover fiction, Alternative Universe fiction, swag, cut scenes, posts about our writing process, polls, and lots of other goodies.We have started the account to support our more niche projects, and if that’s what you’re into, your help to bring these weird and wonderful stories to life would be appreciated. In return, you’ll get lots of perks and fun content.Win-win!About the authorK.A. Merikan are a team of writers who try not to suck at adulting, with some success. Always eager to explore the murky waters of the weird and wonderful, K.A. Merikan don’t follow fixed formulas and want each of their books to be a surprise for those who choose to hop on for the ride.K.A. Merikan have a few sweeter M/M romances as well, but they specialize in the dark, dirty, and dangerous side of M/M, full of bikers, bad boys, mafiosi, and scorching hot romance.http:/KAMerikan.comK.A. Merikan on Goodreadshttps://twitter.com/#!/KA_Merikanhttps://www.facebook.com/KAMerikanOther books by K.A. MerikanGuns n’ Boys (single-couple series)Road of No ReturnThe Devil’s RideNo Matter WhatRed HotOne Step Too CloseHis Favorite Color is BloodHeart RipperDiary of a Teenage TaxidermistBare-Knuckle LoveMr. JaguarThe CatteryWerewolves of Chernobyl (written with L.A. Witt)Break My ShellSpecial NeedsThe Copper Horse (single-couple trilogy)StungScavengers (single-couple series)Crazy Kinky Dirty Love (single-couple series)The Art of Mutual PleasureThe Black Sheep and the Rotten AppleHipster Brothel [image file=image_400.jpg] The Copper Horse: FearK.A. MerikanLondon1907, twenty years into the zombie PlagueReuben is a baker living in the slums of London, sharing a room with his father and an extended family of cockroaches. Poor, uneducated, and repressing all his sexual desires, he leads a life of misery, only sometimes sprinkled with gin and a rough tumble in a filthy back alley.But when he is abducted into Bylondon to be the slave of a wealthy crime family member named Erik Dal, his values are put to the test. His new master is obsessed with all things equestrian, and Reuben soon learns that if he obeys and performs well as Erik’s horse, he might just get everything he yearns for: pampering, foods he never even dreamed of, and shameless sex with a demonically handsome young man in leather riding boots.As Copper, Erik’s treasured dun stallion, Reuben must submit to his new master’s obscene fancy of possessing another man completely. That is, if he yearns for treats and not the lick of a riding crop. Fake tails, harnesses, and a new haircut to his ginger mane help Reuben transform into Copper, but the fear of losing his dignity in the eyes of society might just prove to be a bigger restraint than any bit, bridle, or handcuffs.All that for the small price of his freedom. Though at times, Reuben feels it’s his soul that Erik is after instead.Genre:  m/m erotic romance, bdsmThemes: class differences, slavery, steampunk, alternative lifestyle, Victorian, master/servant, captivity, ponyplay, animalization, kink, organized crime, violenceLength: ~95.000 words [image file=image_422.jpg] The Art of Mutual PleasureK.A. Merikan-The Path to debauchery is strewn with good intentions-Benjamin Snowley is trapped in a most distressing predicament. He’s been feeling poorly and after having recently recovered from influenza, he knows that the fault for his declining health lies in a vice he wouldn’t dare mention in polite conversation.Onanism, self-pollution, masturbation. All names for the same sinful affliction.For Benjamin, it all started back at school, where he first encountered the immoral Frederick Cory. Ever since then, the man has been plaguing Benjamin’s dreams and causing most unnatural urges.Now is the time for all the infatuation nonsense to stop. With the help of an unorthodox doctor and an indecent proposition to a young stablehand, Benjamin will rid himself of the vile addiction.But can the experimental treatment be enough to make him forget his feelings for Frederick?Warning: Contains a clueless young man on a futile quest for chastity and a libertine artist eager to rid him of that goalThemes: masturbation, historical attitudes to sexuality, medicine, doctor, guilt, unorthodox treatment, master/servant, groom, superstition, moral failure, enemies to loversGenre: M/M Regency romantic eroticaErotic content: explicit language, inappropriate medical examination, cum swallowing, bareback, sex toys, body worship, multiple partnersLength:  ~45,000 words